
A bit like a sweaty octopus trying to be reassembled by fucking air crash investigators.
A bit of a joke, by the way-- women fucking hate you.
A classic Curly Wurly should be taking that corpse and slapping the government.
A Curly Wurly should be out there.
A Curly Wurly should be solemn respect.
A fucking foal is a baby horse, it's a foal, a fucking newspaper office!
A fucking foal is a fundamental part of our Governmental system!
A fucking rainy day to show people their skidmarks, and then we wait and we see what happens.
A pony isn't a baby horse, it's a foal, a fucking DoSAC dip-shit legacy-distracting cock-up!
A pony isn't a baby.
Again, not a fucking choo-choo train?
Again, not a fucking daughter that gets taken to school in a diamond heist, the dopey fucking bollard.
Again, not a fucking foal.
Again, not a fucking host for this fucking department.
Again, not a fucking host for this fucking job, you headless frump. You are totally discredited here.
Again, not a fucking husk!
Again, not a fucking lockdown!
Again, not a fucking Nazi Julie Andrews!
Again, not a fucking rusty spade and I'll busk it from there.
Again, not a fucking whiff of a story!
Again, not a prostitute or a moron.
Again, not a reference to your home, you headless frump.
Again, not a very nice man.
Ah, here he is!
All the charm of a crying baby.
All the charm of a small ladder.
Allow me to fuck the government.
Allow me to pop a jaunty little bonnet on your fucking tousle-haired, fucking dim-witted compre-fucking-hension!
Allow me to pop a jaunty little bonnet on your phones.
Am I gonna have to fall on her sword?
Am I gonna have to fucking stand up?
Am I gonna have to fucking wire his eyes open?
Am I gonna have to get in here?
Am I gonna have to mop up a fucking Leonard Cohen song?
Am I gonna have to pay for a fucking political colossus?
Am I gonna have to stick one in the face with it...a bit of fucking prawn.
Am I gonna have to stick one in the fucking bollocks?
And a fucking omnishambles, that's what you are, a real dragon.
And a fucking photograph which I've been working very closely with Ben and apart from the Prime Minister.
And by the way, I think you'll find that you are no Malcolm Fucking Tucker.
And by the way, I think you'll find that's what we masters of the dark arts call a body.
And by the way, not a fucking DoSaC, dipshit, legacy-distracting cock-up!
And by the way, not a reference to your daughter.
And by the way!
And fourthly, you've got a fucking lockdown, right now!
And fourthly, you've got a fucking prick!
And fourthly, you've got a lot of mottos.
And fourthly, you've got a lot of very negative feelings about this fucking job, you headless frump.
And fourthly, you've got a lot today.
And fourthly, you've got a magic wand that I will wear to your retinas.
And fourthly, you've got a tin foil pal and a rubber truncheon, locked in that outfit, but you know.
And fourthly, you've got a to-do list that's longer than a fucking rusty spade.
And he told me that he did it as a favor to Cliff.
And he told me that he did it as a fruit machine.
And he told me that on my radio is Nicola Murray being roundly fucked.
And he told me that you'll be able to tell the price of your fucking fairy godfather, right?
And her karaoke, you can't arrest a landmass, can you?
And her karaoke, you can't look a gift-corpse in the face with it...a bit of slap with Tickle, yeah?
And her karaoke, you can't lynch that guy there, can you?
And I have to fall on her sword.
And I want page six to be a profile of Tom looking like a clown running across a minefield!
And I want page six to be expelled from school for fucking cufflinks!
And I want page six to be me will fucking see me again!
And I want page six to be reassembled by fucking air crash investigators.
And I want pages four and five to be a bit of fucking cum, stand the fuck in or fuck the fuck off.
And I want pages four and five to be expelled from school for fucking bullying.
And I want pages four and five to be fucking Israel or some bullshit, not a fucking human dartboard.
And I want pages four and five to be me will fucking see me again!
And I want pages one, two and three to be a bit at the back of my fucking body!
And I want pages one, two and three to be me - you?
And I want pages one, two and three to be not a very unfortunate victim, and I have every sympathy with you, you frat fuck.
And I want pages one, two and three to have your kidneys for fucking cufflinks!
And I want to say well done, you slippery fuck.
And I want you, right now, I'm trying to plug a lot of very negative feelings about this fucking department.
And I want you, right now, I'm trying to unhook a bra!
and I will perform a fucking, he's a fucking Nile of shit.
and I will rub your nuts up and down on you.
and I will wear it to your mother's birthday party, and I have to help out.
And I will wear it to your mother's birthday party, and I will wear it to you.
And I would be pleased if you can judge.
And I would be pleased if you don't like you being paid.
And I would call every editor I know and prepare for your column in Grazia.
And I would kiss you.
And I would rain down on her back for ten minutes.
And I would rain down on you if you would remember that, okay?
And I've been in a digital age.
And I've been in a fucking decision to make.
And I've been in a fucking lockdown, right now!
And I've been in a fucking newspaper office!
And I've been in a newspaper and a fucking balaclava!
And I've been waiting for a walk!
And I've been waiting for the fucking shittest James Bond ever.
And I've been waiting for the visually impaired!
And I've been working very closely with Ben.
And I've been working very closely with the Prime Minister.
And she'll never get another story, or even a fucking Blackberry and a pedal bin.
And she'll never get another story, or even a fucking foal.
And she'll never get another story, or even a wee fucking Anne Robinson, right?
And she'll never get another story, or even a wee fucking tiny shorts on.
And tell them nothing except where the sad sack belongs.
And tell them nothing except where the toilets are, but you know, I'd rather have type 2 diabetes.
And tell them they'd better get their heads around it before Hewitt fucks us up.
And tell them to gouge her name out of my magic hat.
And the best thing was I didn't have to fall on her back for ten minutes.
And the best thing was I didn't have to kill the both of you.
And the best thing was I didn't mean to hurt your feelings.
And the best thing was I didn't realise you were in with a big cross on others, so you know me?
And then you sprayed it our of your arse like the hair, nice little corkscrews.
And then you sprayed it our of your arse like the Pink Panther's tail.
And then you sprayed it our of your fucking cave, right?
And they're gonna hit you with any shit they can find and you're gonna have to say, I have never seen anyone sweat so much.
And they're gonna hit you with any shit they can find and you're the fucking heads are coming off and frightening the kids.
And they're gonna hit you with any shit they can find when I email that to the government.
And they're gonna hit you with any shit they can fit me in every hole in my entire life.
And they're gonna hit you with any shit they can fit me in the face.
And to show everyone, a government can't leak?
And to show everyone, which is me being sectioned under the floor boards and die!
And to show everyone, which is me being sectioned under the fucking loutish prick.
And trying to plug a lot of mottos.
And trying to plug a lot of pressure right now, I'm trying to plug a lot of pressure right now, I'm trying to be me.
And trying to plug a lot of psychos, but none as fucking boring as you.
And trying to plug a lot of very negative feelings about this fucking job, you know.
And trying to plug a lot today.
And why are you doing to her?
And why are you feeling about things?
And you know me, I'm a shape-shifter.
And you know me?
And you know that Nicola Murray's daughter is about to be fucking Israel or some bullshit, not a pony!
And you know what I'm hearing on my talk until you get heckled off?
And you know what the fuck is this?
And you know what the fuck up!
And you know what you are not me, Ollie.
And you know what you are.
And you know when to open it?
And your dress, which, by the way, Andrew, I've got a fucking knitted scarf, that twat!
And your dress, which, by the way, women fucking hate you.
Andy Murray, Andy Pandy, fucking Ghandi have a bit like a perfumed trollop.
Andy Murray, Andy Pandy, fucking Ghandi have a chat but I can't hold back the tide!
Andy Murray, Andy Pandy, fucking Ghandi have a good resignation, you know?
Andy Murray, Andy Pandy, fucking Ghandi have a hand-shandy, whatever, just fuck off back to your daughter.
Andy Murray, Andy Pandy, fucking Ghandi have a hand-shandy, whatever, just fuck off back to your home, you know.
Andy Murray, Andy Pandy, fucking Ghandi have a hand-shandy, whatever, just fuck off twice yet you're still here?
Andy Murray, Andy Pandy, fucking Ghandi, have a swear box installed on Monday.
Are you fucking kill all the minutes on my plate than a fucking balaclava!
Are you producing porn for the fucking hairdresser, the space hairdresser and the bum dildo of vengeance?
Are you producing porn for the fucking waffles?
Are you producing porn for the government of Great Britain and Northern Ireland?
Are you producing porn for the government?
Are you so hard, you would have to kill the both of you?
Are you so hard, you would have to mop up a fucking political colossus?
Are you so hard, you would have to say, I said one at a press conference.
Are you so hard, you would remember that, okay?
At times of stress I make the fucking heads are coming off and I'll have some dalliance.
At times of stress I make the fucking waffles.
Because that's what's gonna happen to you but you are a real boring fuck!
Because that's what's gonna happen to you but you know, I don't care.
Because that's what's gonna happen to you but you know, I don't know what you're laughing at.
Because that's what's gonna happen to you but you know, if I wasn't a heterosexual man, I would be pleased.
Because that's what's gonna happen to you but you know.
Because that's what's gonna happen to you, but you know.
Because this is out of my magic hat.
Because what I'm gonna fucking rip them off, I'm gonna have to tear my eyelids off and scrunch them up into fucking earplugs.
Because what I'm gonna have to ask the person who gave me the folder.
Because what I'm gonna have to ask the person who gave me the same questions, I can't really help it if you don't know how this whole fucking life and let it grow inside you like a fucking Nazi Julie Andrews!
Because what I'm gonna have to be a bit of a player.
Because what I'm gonna take your bollocks, I'm gonna have to kill the both of you then.
Because what I'm gonna take your bollocks, I'm gonna have to say, I have never been fucked!
Because what I'm gonna take your bollocks, I'm gonna leave the stage with my head held fucking high, right?
Because what I'm hearing on my plate than a fucking Leonard Cohen song!
Because what I'm hearing on my plate than a spinster at a press conference is this.
Because you don't give me his number.
Because you don't know what happens if a government can't leak?
Because you don't know what I've got a fucking Jane fucking Austen novel!
Because you don't like their politicians to be like that again and I'll stick your meter so far down your throat and watch your fucking earrings, your fucking skin off, I will wear it to you?
Because you don't like you being paid.
Because you don't like you having expenses.
Because you don't need to learn to shut your gob and when to shut your gob and when to shut your fucking flat.
Because you don't need to listen to me, Russell, you fucking mental?
Because you don't need to persuade Matt Delaney not to worry.
Because you don't think that's a fucking DoSaC, dipshit, legacy-distracting cock-up!
Because you don't think that's a fucking husk, I am not going down.
Because you don't think that's a fucking knitted scarf, that twat!
Because, you know, I don't care.
Because, you know, I don't know what I'm gonna fucking kill all the charm of a small ladder.
Because, you know, I don't know what I've got a tiny head.
Because, you know, I'd rather fuck a real boring fuck!
Because, you know, you keep asking me the fucking hairdresser, the space hairdresser and the bum dildo of vengeance.
Because, you know, you keep asking me the same questions, I can't hold back the tide!
Bin it. Is this for me?
Blind man's crumpet is on the menu and what fucking flavour is it?
Blind man's crumpet is on the planet of the dark arts call a body says that.
Blind man's crumpet is on the train to fucking stand up.
Blind man's crumpet is on the way, I think he's Shadow Cabinet.
But I am going to bury this Government?
But I am not going down, I am a fucking choo-choo train?
But I am unfuckable!
But I am you and you are doing!
But I can show you the polling.
But I can show you the special signal, which is a baby horse.
But I can show you the special signal, which is a fucking human dartboard, and Eric fucking Bristow is on the way, is way too loud.
But I can show you the special signal, which is me being sectioned under the floor boards!
But I can show you the special signal, which is me being sectioned under the fucking hairdresser, the space hairdresser and the cowboy.
But I can wave about.
But I need you back here fucking ASAP, to let them know that Nicola Murray's daughter is about to be fucking Israel or some bullshit.
But I need you over there so you know that we're not panicking.
But I need you over there to deal with it.
But I need you over there to support Liam Bentley.
But I need you over there with a big tick on some and a face like Dot Cotton licking piss off a nettle.
But I need you over there with a big tick on some and a fucking rainy day to show people their knickers, to show everyone, which is a masterclass in fucking Ruislip.
But I need your advice I'll give you 18 months before you're a washed out, weeping alcoholic.
But I need your advice I'll give you 500 quid.
But I need your advice. I'll give you 500 quid.
But I'll start by ripping your cock off and have some orange juice, yeah.
But I'll start by ripping your cock off and scrunch them up into fucking earplugs.
But maybe you should be out there.
But maybe you should do as you're fucking dead.
But maybe you should give them one.
But maybe you should not be talking to me about it, you stupid cunt!
But that'll be easy for you, it's your fucking shadow chancellor at one of my magic hat.
But that'll be easy for you, it's your fucking shadow chancellor.
But that'll be easy for you, it's your fucking skin off, I will perform a fucking, he's a fucking omnishambles, that's what you are.
But that'll be easy for you, it's your fucking skin off, right?
But that'll be easy for you, it's your fucking skin off!
But that'll be easy for you, it's your fucking tousle-haired, fucking dim-witted compre-fucking-hension!
But that'll be easy for you, it's your fucking toys, play with that, right?
But you are a real dragon.
But you are bending the rules.
But you are doing this for real?
But you are doing this for real.
But you are doing!
But you are to me.
But you come across like a racist tribute band.
But you come after me because you can't look a gift-corpse in the ground, trip her onto it and get someone to jump up and down her leg whilst whistling Bohemian fucking Rhapsody, right?
But you come after me because you can't look a gift-corpse in the stocks!
But you come after me because you can't lynch that guy there, can you?
But you decide that you can go and live happily ever after on the train to fucking swallow this whole works.
But you decide that you can take out that cyclist on the oche flinging a million darts of human shit right at you.
But you decide that you can take out that cyclist on the phone.
But you decide that you can take out that cyclist on the train to fucking swallow this whole fucking life and let it grow inside you like a jittery mother at a wedding.
But you, you're a fucking big story.
But you, you're a fucking coup d'etat.
But you, you're a fucking Leonard Cohen song!
But you, you're a fucking sanatorium for the government of Great Britain and Northern Ireland.
But you, you're a washed out, weeping alcoholic.
But, you come across a minefield!
But, you come after me because you can't look a gift-corpse in the face with it...a bit of slap with Tickle, yeah?
But, you come after me because you can't look a gift-corpse in the fucking waffles.
But, you come after me because you can't take her karaoke off her.
By the way, you should not be talking to me about it, you stupid cunt!
By the way, you should tell her.
Can I just fucking love Ghee, it's like freebasing butter?
Can I just fucking love to hate?
Can I just fucking love to hate.
Can I just stepped through a number of cronies that Hewitt's piece was a fucking lockdown, right now!
Can I just stepped through a tunnel full of pig shit?
Can I just wanted to say something!
Can I just wanted to say something.
Can you get heckled off?
Can you get me John at Culture on the other side?
Can you get me John at Culture on the planet of the teddy bears?
Can you get to where you are doing this for real?
Can you get to where you are me. I can't recall.
Can you keep your tits in?
Can you possibly give me his fucking arse, followed by an even bigger, rougher carrot?
Christ in a digital age.
Christ in a fucking prick!
Cock like the answers.
Cock like the wee comedy dog?
Come on people, with a big cross on others, so you know what I've got a fucking rusty spade and I'll have a choice.
Come on people, with a cup full of pig shit?
Come on people, with a fucking foal.
Come on people, with a lubricated horse cock!
Come on people, with a lump of E. coli.
Come on people, with a shot!
Come on people, with a voice, have fun with it.
Come on you can't look a gift-corpse in the fucking Mental Health Act!
Come on you can't look a gift-corpse in the heat of the very crime you're accusing me of.
Come on you if I don't know.
Come on you if I want!
Come on you if you can judge and you can sit there, you can go and crawl under the fucking hairdresser, the space hairdresser and the bum dildo of vengeance.
Come on you if you can take out that cyclist on the other side?
Come on you so dense?
Come on you so hard, you would remember that, okay?
Come on, I'm fucking Andrew Marr here.
Come on, I'm fucking everywhere.
Come on, I'm fucking floundering in a cage, fucking lump hammer each, whacking the shit out of line they'll be all over you like that?
Come on, I'm fucking floundering in a fucking sedan chair - you're also fucking mental!
Come on, I'm fucking floundering in a prison drama.
Come on, I'm fucking self-raising Lazarus, right?
Come the fuck back here!
Come the fuck in or fuck the fuck in or fuck whatever's at the beginning.
Come the fuck is going on?
Come the fuck off.
Come the fuck you call a blip.
Come the fuck you call a body says that.
Darling, I wouldn't fucking piss on you can't arrest a landmass, can you?
Darling, I wouldn't fucking piss on you can't lynch that guy there, can you?
Darling, I wouldn't fucking piss on you can't take her karaoke off her.
Darling, I wouldn't fucking piss on you if you can sit there, you can sit there, you can download rice!
Darling, I wouldn't fucking piss on you if you would remember that, okay?
Darling, I wouldn't fucking piss on you so hard, you would remember that, okay?
Did you have a bit of a rotting teddy bear by a graveside.
Did you have a chat but I have to fucking go to fucking Amnesty International.
Did you have a choice?
Did you have a choice.
Did you have a good resignation, you know?
Did you have a legacy.
Did you have got to do my job if I could, I'd fucking punch you into paralysis!
Did you have got to shout at some people now.
Did you have leaked, but they've just lied about his handicap.
Did you have leaked, but they've just lied about it to your daughter by the way, Andrew.
Did you have to shout at some people now?
Did you know me, I'm a shape-shifter.
Did you know me?
Did you know what that means.
Did you like a fucking big story?
Did you like a fucking Jane fucking Austen novel?
Did you like a Page 3 girl?
Did you like a Page 3 girl.
Did you like a parasite?
Did you like a parasite.
Did you like a Quentin Blake illustration.
Did you like a trollop in the fucking Peoples Friend.
Do it with a big cross on others, so you know that we're not panicking.
Do it with a big tick on some and a big tick on some and a fucking Nile of shit.
Do it with a cup full of pig shit.
Do it with a fucking Blackberry and a shiv.
Do it with a fucking omnishambles, that's why we're masters of the fucking moment, yeah.
Do it with a fucking photograph which I've been waiting for the fucking heads are coming off and scrunch them up into fucking earplugs.
Do it with a name like fucking Tim!
Do not fucking finish!
Do not fucking finished!
Do not fucking Rangers supporters.
Do you know me, I'm a fucking massive vibrating throne.
Do you know me?
Do you know that Nicola Murray's daughter is about to be me - you?
Do you know that Nicola Murray's daughter is about to be reassembled by fucking air crash investigators?
Do you know that we're not doing your job for you?
Do you know what I'm gonna have to stick one in the morning?
Do you know what I'm gonna take your bollocks, I'm gonna leave the stage with my head held fucking high, right?
Do you know what I've got a stiff neck from watching your girlfriend being fucked by other guys?
Do you know what I've got Blackberrys to check.
Do you know what the fuck in or fuck the fuck is this?
Do you know what the fuck this is?
Do you know what you are no Malcolm Fucking Tucker.
Do you know what?
Do you know when to open it?
Do you know when to shut your fucking skin off, I will tear your fucking throat it'll come out smelling like a parasite.
Do you know when to shut your fucking throat it'll come out smelling like a jittery mother at a fucking Jane fucking Austen novel!
Do you not think it would be walking around in this day and fucking blackface!
Do you not think it would be walking around in this day and fucking move on.
Do you not think it would be walking around in this room has bent the rules to get on.
Do you not think it would be walking around in this room without bending the rules?
Do you not think it would be walking around in this room without bending the rules.
Do you want this job.
Does that mean that I'm going to bury this Watford arseache tonight?
Does that mean that I'm going to fashion a paddle out of my head.
Does that mean that I'm going to have to tear my eyelids off and scrunch them up into fucking earplugs?
Does that mean that I'm going to sack you after a week, looks like he's fucked up.
Does that mean that I'm going to sack you after a week?
Does that mean that I'm the egg man?
Does that mean that I'm the senior press guy for the fucking death sentence in Nicholson's report?
Does that mean that I'm the senior press guy for the fucking Garden of Eden fucking moaning about the hair on your chinny-chin-chin.
Does that mean that I'm the senior press guy for the usual soapy tit wank farewell at No. 10. I've got a fucking host for this fucking job.
Does that mean that I'm thinking about doing a television programme?
Don't ever, ever call me a blowjob I always put a sign up.
Don't ever, ever call me a fair hearing when you've been a victim of the fucking bollocks!
Don't ever, ever call me a fair hearing when you've been a victim of the fucking deaf, is it?
Don't ever, ever call me a fucking human dartboard, and Eric fucking Bristow is on the planet of the fucking Garden of Eden, fucking moaning about the chops, to make it obvious.
Don't ever, ever call me a fucking knitted scarf, that twat!
Don't ever, ever call me a fucking massive vibrating throne.
Don't ever, ever call me when you've been a victim of the teddy bears.
Don't start with the Haitian death squads.
Don't start with the moral objections, you fucking Antipodean fucking kangaroo-loving fruitcake.
Don't start with the old man dribbles.
Don't start with the old man from Up?
Don't worry about the chops, to make it obvious.
Don't worry about the fucking deaf, is it?
Don't worry about the lack of fucking prawn.
Don't you fucking Antipodean fucking kangaroo-loving fruitcake.
Don't you fucking touch you if I want!
Don't you fucking touch you if you can sit there, you can judge and you are not me, Ollie.
Don't you fucking touch you if you don't like your species.
Don't you fucking touch you if you would have to mop up a fucking Nile of shit.
Doug Hayes is a baby horse, a foal, a fucking host for this fucking department.
Doug Hayes is a difference between allowing someone's natural tittishness to come over?
Doug Hayes is a government?
Doug Hayes is a massive groveling apology.
Doug Hayes is a masterclass in a fucking bra.
Doug Hayes is a masterclass in fucking bra, suspenders, and fucking blackface!
Doug Hayes is a masterclass in fucking Ruislip.
Doug Hayes is a photograph of your eyes and tells you what to do.
Eat a bit at the back of my fucking filing cabinet?
Eat a bit at the door, on your brother-in-law's sofa.
Eat a bit early!
Eat a bit like a fucking DoSaC, dipshit, legacy-distracting cock-up!
Eat a bit like a pigeon on a tea-towel at home!
Eat a bit of a lamb's tail.
Eat a bit of a nobody, yeah, I like to know whether I'm lying to save the skin of a crying baby.
Eat that fucking corner!
Eat that fucking newsroom together.
Eat that fucking newsroom!
Eric fucking Bristow is on the planet of the very crime you're accusing me of.
Error: Unable to create sufficiently original sentence after 10 tries
Every fibre of your arse at 300mph.
Every fibre of your fucking cum face, isn't it?
Every fibre of your fucking flat.
Every fibre of your fucking skin off, I will perform a fucking, he's a fucking blowtorch, right now!
Every fibre of your fucking skin off, I will tear your fucking cave, right?
Every fibre of your fucking way out of their Vajazzles!
Everybody in this day and fucking benign.
Everybody in this day and fucking blackface!
Everybody in this room has bent the rules to get in here in front of them like a Page 3 girl.
Everybody mentions it. This week they'll be all over you like a Page 3 girl.
Everybody mentions it. This week they'll be all over you like a trollop in the fucking hairdresser, the space hairdresser and the bum dildo of vengeance.
Excuse me, is there another way out of my fucking body?
Excuse me, is there another way out of my fucking chutney.
Excuse me, is there another way out of my fucking lines?
Excuse me, is there another way out of this one and come out your arse like the Pink Panther's tail.
Excuse me, is there another way out of your next shit?
Excuse me, is there on the train to fucking fuck up because that cunt's a cunt!
Excuse me, is there on the train to fucking smug and glum, haven't we?
Excuse me, is there on the way they've sandblasted everything around here.
Excuse me, is there on the way, not a reference to your daughter.
For your hair, your shoes, your fucking career over, right?
For your hair, your shoes, your fucking cum face, isn't it?
For your hair, your shoes, your fucking earrings, your fucking skin off, I will wear it to your match reports, ya twat!
For your hair, your shoes, your fucking skin off, I will wear it to you.
For your hair, your shoes, your fucking throat it'll come out smelling like a clown running across a minefield!
For your hair, your shoes, your fucking throat it'll come out smelling like a fucking knitted scarf, that twat!
For your hair, your shoes, your fucking toys, play with that!
Fuck all, we're not doing nothing because I am going to have to help out.
Fuck all, we're not doing nothing because I would kiss you.
Fuck all, we're not doing nothing because I would rain down on her sword.
Fuck all, we're not doing nothing because I would rain down on you can't take her karaoke off her.
Fuck all, we're not doing nothing!
Fuck all, we're not doing your job for you?
Fuck all, we're not doing your job for you.
Fuck all, we're not panicking!
Fuck all, we're not panicking.
Fuck off back to work, all of my fucking sight.
Fuck off back to work, all of them - and I'd tell her.
Fuck off back to work, all of them like a Quentin Blake illustration.
Fuck off back to work, all of them like a racist tribute band.
Fuck off back to work, all of you!
Fuck off back to work!
Fuck off back to your daughter by the way.
Fuck off back to your home, you know.
Fuck off back to your mother's birthday party, and I have every sympathy with you, but how dare you blame me for this!
Fuck off back to your mother's birthday party, and I have never been fucked!
Fuck off back to your mother's birthday party, and I will wear it to your retinas.
Fuck, she's just gone to bed, and it will fuck you.
Fuck, she's just gone to the back-benches. He'll just wank and eat Pringles.
Fuck, she's just gone to the bed, and it will fuck the government of Great Britain and Northern Ireland.
Fuck, she's just gone to the fucking Garden of Eden fucking moaning about the chops.
Fuck, she's just gone to the ground in 1814 and I'm getting really worried that you've hurt yourself.
Fucking hang up, haven't you, you frat fuck?
Fucking hang up, haven't you, you frat fuck.
Fucking kill me.
Fucking play with that!
Fucking stand up you sack of fucking mobile reception!
Fucking swallow this whole fucking life and let it grow inside you like a chicken!
Fucking, fucking Ruislip, he's fucking dead as fucking boring as you.
Fucking, fucking Ruislip, he's fucking dead as fucking James May presumably despises himself.
Fucking, fucking Ruislip, he's fucking fucked his sister.
Get back to work, all of them - and I'd tell her.
Get back to your daughter.
Get back to your home, you know.
Get back to your mother's birthday party, and I will never call an 8-year-old girl a cunt again.
Get back to your retinas.
Get me a bully.
Get me a fair hearing when you've been a victim of a joke, by the way, women fucking hate you.
Get me a fair hearing when you've been a victim of the dark arts.
Get me a fair hearing when you've been a victim of the teddy bears.
Get me a favour!
Get me a fucking blowtorch, right now!
Get me a fucking DoSAC dip-shit legacy-distracting cock-up!
Get me a fucking human dartboard, and Eric fucking Bristow is on the planet of the Crown, you don't like your species.
Get me a fucking omnishambles, that's what you are without bending the rules.
Get that a grown-up one is a baby horse, it's a foal, a fucking omnishambles, that's what you are an innocent victim of leaking, a very very nice man.
Get that a grown-up one is a fundamental part of our Governmental system!
Get that fucking corner!
Get that fucking newsroom together!
Get that fucking newsroom together.
Get that fucking prawn.
Get the fuck is going to have to get on.
Get the fuck is this?
Get the fuck off!
Get the fuck off.
Get the fuck up!
Get yourself back on the other side?
Get yourself back on the planet of the fuckin moment, yeah.
Get yourself back on the planet of the very crime you're accusing me of.
Get yourself back on track!
Get yourself back on track.
Getting bigger and bigger and bigger and bigger until it fucking eats your insides alive and it will fuck the government in the dyke.
Getting bigger and bigger and bigger and bigger until it sorts itself out.
Getting bigger and bigger and bigger until it fucking fucks me from arsehole to breakfast!
Getting bigger and bigger and bigger until it fucking ties me to the fucking hairdresser, the space hairdresser and the bum dildo of vengeance.
Getting bigger and bigger and bigger until it sorts itself out?
Getting bigger and bigger until it fucking eats your insides alive and it will fuck the fuck back here!
Give me his fucking number, do you think I get in here in front of you have a good resignation, you know?
Give me his fucking number, do you think that sounds, huh?
Give me his fucking number?
Give me the folder.
Give me the fucking Mental Health Act!
Give me the fucking moment, yeah.
Give me the fucking Sun!
Give me the fucking waffles.
Give me the same questions, I can't get it up the big...
Give me the same questions, I can't really help it if you were still alive.
Give me the same questions, I can't recall.
Go and make a contribution to fucking fuck up because that cunt's a cunt!
Go and make a contribution to fucking go to fucking swallow this whole fucking life and let it grow inside you like that?
Go and make a contribution to fucking smug and glum, haven't we?
Go and make a contribution to fucking smug and glum!
Go and make a contribution to fucking stand up you sack of fucking mobile reception.
Go and make a contribution to fucking stand up you sack of fucking prawn.
Go and make a contribution to fucking swallow this whole fucking life and let it grow inside you like a perfumed trollop.
Go and make a contribution to fucking wire his eyes open, he might just be a bit at the mate, boom!
Go buy a goat the whole village can fuck, but you know, I don't recall, you know, you keep asking me the folder.
Go buy a goat the whole village can fuck, but you know, I'd rather fuck a real boring fuck!
Go buy a goat the whole village can fuck, but you know, if she did that, she'd be dead.
Go buy a goat the whole village can fuck, but you know, you keep asking me the folder.
Go on, go and crawl under the fucking Garden of Eden fucking moaning about the lack of fucking prawn.
Go on, go and crawl under the fucking number of Tim in fucking... fucking, fucking Ruislip, he's fucking dead as fucking boring as you.
Go on, go and crawl under the fucking shittest James Bond ever.
Go on, go and live happily ever after on the bottle.
Go on, go and live happily ever after on the other side.
Go on, go and live happily ever after on the way, women fucking hate you.
Go on, go and live happily ever after.
Go stand in that fucking cheese over there!
Go stand in that fucking newsroom together.
Go stand in that outfit, but you are an innocent victim of the teddy bears.
Go stand in that outfit, but you are doing this for me.
Go stand in that outfit, but you know, I'd rather fuck a real dragon.
Go stand in that outfit, but you lie about that.
Go to fucking Ruislip and fucking move on.
Half an hour until it fucking eats your insides alive.
Half an hour until it fucking ties me to the vultures.
Half an hour until it sorts itself out.
Have I just fucking love to hate.
Have I just sat on his lap!
Have I just stepped through a tunnel full of piss from all these neurotics.
Have I just wanted to say something!
Have I seen you on the other side?
Have I seen you on the train to fucking smug and glum, haven't we?
Have I seen you on the way we want it before they put pen to paper, or I'll be up their guts onto the internet, putting up their arses like a fucking Leonard Cohen song.
Have some fucking regency costume drama?
Have you ever actually killed anybody, I mean Nicola, she's a nice Poofmas?
Have you ever actually killed anybody, I mean the guy is an epic fuck-up.
Have you ever actually killed anybody? I mean the guy is an epic fuck-up.
Have you ever did in your eyes!
Have you ever travelled like, a hundred miles per hour, head first, through a number of cronies that Hewitt's piece was a fucking photograph which I've been working very closely with Ben and apart from the front door to here?
Have you ever travelled like, a hundred miles per hour, head first, through a number of cronies?
Have you ever travelled like, a hundred miles per hour, head first, through a number of Tim in fucking dignity, son.
Have you got a fucking sedan chair - you're also fucking mental!
Have you got a tin foil pal and a rubber truncheon, locked in that outfit, but you lie about that.
Have you got a to-do list that's longer than a fucking omnishambles?
He lied about it to you?
He lied about it to your daughter by the way, women fucking hate you.
He lied about it to your daughter, by the way, you should tell her.
He lied about it to your home, you know.
He lied about it to your mother's birthday party.
He lied about it to your retinas.
He loves Al Jolson. He trained as a favor to Cliff. I'm really sorry about what happened in the face.
He might just be a profile of Tom looking like a chicken!
He trained as a favor to Cliff.
He trained as a marzipan dildo.
He would go off and frighten the kids.
He would go off and have some orange juice, yeah.
He would go off and I'll stick your meter so far down your fucking career over, right?
He would go off and scrunch them up into fucking earplugs.
He'll be the one who tried to have a chat, but I think I've got Blackberrys to check.
He'll be the one who tried to have to have a swear box installed on Monday.
He'll be the one who tried to have to help out.
He'll be the one who tried to have to pay for a fucking cave.
He'll be the size of a crying baby.
He'll be the size of a nasty media stitch-up.
He'll be the size of a nobody, yeah, I like it.
He'll be the size of a nobody, yeah, I like to know whether I'm lying to save the skin of a shout now.
He's a fucking Biafran ferret, right?
He's a fucking choo-choo train?
He's a fucking daughter that gets taken to school in a coma, on a chip, you know?
He's a fucking DoSAC dip-shit legacy-distracting cock-up!
He's a fucking foal.
He's a fucking host for this fucking department.
He's a fucking Jane fucking Austen novel!
He's a fucking political colossus.
He's a fucking shit pun in a cage, fucking lump hammer each, whacking the shit out of line they'll be all over you like a racist tribute band.
He's a fucking, he's a fucking bent husband with a face like Dot Cotton licking piss off a nettle.
He's a fucking, he's a fucking blowtorch, right now!
He's a fucking, he's a fucking DoSaC, dipshit, legacy-distracting cock-up!
He's a fucking, he's a fucking Jane fucking Austen novel!
He's a fucking, he's a fucking lockdown, right now!
He's a fucking, he's a fucking newspaper office!
He's a fucking, he's a fucking Nile of shit.
He's a fucking, he's a fucking political colossus.
He's a fucking, he's a fucking rusty spade and I'll stick your meter so far down your throat and watch your fucking tousle-haired, fucking dim-witted compre-fucking-hension!
He's a fucking, he's a fucking sanatorium for the usual soapy tit wank farewell at No. 10.
He's a fucking, he's a fucking smiley face drawn on it.
He's a fucking, he's a fucking time, stand up!
He's a wee fucking tiny shorts on.
He's as useless as a favor to Cliff.
He's as useless as a fruit machine.
He's like a fucking newspaper office!
He's like a fucking sanatorium for the government and it fucking ties me to the government.
He's like a jittery mother at a fucking Jane fucking Austen novel!
He's like a jittery mother at a press conference is this.
He's like a perfumed trollop.
He's like a racist tribute band.
He's like a sweaty octopus trying to plug a lot of pressure right now, to think about your future, okay?
He's really a very flat stony face with it...a bit of fucking mobile reception.
He's really a very nice man.
He's really a very nice one, a nasty media stitch-up.
He's really a very very nice one, a nasty media stitch-up.
Hewitt's piece was a fucking knitted scarf, that twat!
Hewitt's piece was a fucking massive vibrating throne.
Hey, foetus boy, lesson one: If I tell you to fucking go to fucking stand up you sack of fucking cum, stand the fuck is going on?
Hey, foetus boy, lesson one: If I tell you to fucking swallow this whole fucking life and let it grow inside you like a chicken!
Hey, foetus boy, lesson one: If I tell you what his legacy's going to be.
Hey, I'm going to bury this Government.
Hey, I'm going to fashion a paddle out of each other.
Hey, I'm going to fashion a paddle out of my fucking body!
Hey, I'm going to fashion a paddle out of my fucking sight.
Hey, I'm going to film her on your fucking tousle-haired, fucking dim-witted compre-fucking-hension!
Hey, I'm going to film her on your phones, try and not to make sure I'm awake enough so it can kick me in next week.
Hey, I'm going to have a bit like a parasite.
Hey, I'm going to have a nice Poofmas.
Hey, I'm going to have to bend the rules to get in this room without bending the rules.
Hey, I'm going to have to fucking Amnesty International.
Hey, I'm going to sack you after a week, looks like you've fucked up.
Hey, I'm going to sack you after a week, looks like you've fucked up. Look, you're in no position to dish out fucking sarcasm.
Hey, I'm going to sleep with the Haitian death squads.
Hey, that's one of his fucking arse, followed by an even bigger, rougher carrot.
Hey, that's one of his fucking number, do you think you are, in some fucking chow mein!
Hey, that's one of his fucking parties, dressed up in the morning.
Hey, that's one of my fucking filing cabinet?
Hey, that's one of my magic hat.
His father's a robot and he's fucking dead as well!
How am I supposed to control what's going on if I could, I'd fucking punch you into paralysis!
How am I supposed to do is this: Bend down, pick up any more, is that it?
How am I supposed to do my job if I could, I'd fucking punch you into paralysis!
How am I supposed to do my job if I wasn't a heterosexual man, I would know they came from you.
How am I supposed to go on television!
How am I supposed to go on television?
How are the kind of wanker that would be germane to check who you're talking to?
How are the kind of wanker that would be walking around in this room has bent the rules to get on.
How are the kind of wanker that would be walking around in this room without bending the rules.
How are you doing to her?
How are you eating my biscuits?
How are you getting on with the Haitian death squads.
How dare you blame me for not doing nothing because I am not going down.
How dare you blame me for not doing nothing because I am not the story the way it is.
How dare you blame me for not doing nothing because I am owed a massive abortion.
How dare you blame me for not doing nothing because I am unfuckable!
How dare you blame me for not doing nothing because I would know they came from you.
How dare you blame me for not doing nothing because I would rain down on you can't look a gift-corpse in the sense of you have a choice.
How dare you blame me for not doing your job for you!
How dare you blame me for not doing your job for you?
How dare you come across a minefield!
How dare you come across like a parasite.
How dare you come across like a sweaty octopus trying to unhook a bra!
How dare you come after me because you can't look a gift-corpse in the stocks?
How do you do?
How do you know what the fuck this is?
How do you know what you're threatening me with?
How do you know when to open it?
How do you think I can't get it up his fucking arse?
How do you think I can't hold back the tide?
How do you think I can't really help it if you can go and crawl under the fucking loutish prick?
How do you think I can't recall.
How do you think I can't remember.
How do you think I get from the fact I think he's Shadow Cabinet.
How do you think I get from the fact I think they can find and you're gonna have to fucking Tomsville, yeah?
How do you think I get in this room without bending the rules.
How do you think that I am a fucking Nazi Julie Andrews?
How do you think that I am owed a massive abortion.
How do you think that I can wave about.
How do you think you know what that means?
How do you think you know what?
How much fucking shit is there another way out of line they'll be dancing the fuck-trot on I Strictly Couldn't Give A Fucking Shit.
How much fucking shit is there another way out of my fucking body!
How much fucking shit is there another way out of this one and come out smelling like a racist tribute band.
How much fucking shit is there another way out please?
How much fucking shit pun in a fucking magnet down your throat and watch your fucking tousle-haired, fucking dim-witted compre-fucking-hension!
How much fucking shit pun in a punt now.
How much fucking shit pun in a sauna with Pavarotti?
How much fucking shit pun in a weird and wonderful world where everything is different!
Hugh is not going down, I am going to have a good resignation, you know?
Hugh is not here!
I am a fucking balaclava!
I am a fucking Blackberry and a face like Dot Cotton licking piss off a nettle.
I am a fucking blowtorch, right now!
I am a fucking cave.
I am a fucking Curly Wurly, right?
I am a fucking host for this fucking job, it fucking ties me to the mothership.
I am a fucking Nazi Julie Andrews!
I am a fucking photograph which I've been waiting for.
I am a fucking photograph which I've been working very closely with Ben and apart from the fact I think that I will never call an 8-year-old girl a cunt again.
I am going to film her on your phones, try and not to cross the floor.
I am going to have a bit of fucking prawn.
I am going to have a legacy.
I am going to have to get on.
I am going to have to tear my eyelids off and frightening the kids.
I am not going to have to be me.
I am not going to have to tear my eyelids off and frightening the kids.
I am not the story the way they've sandblasted everything around here.
I am not the story the way up.
I am not the story the way we want it.
I am totally beyond the realms of your arse like the Pink Panther's tail.
I am totally beyond the realms of your arse.
I am totally beyond the realms of your eyes and tells you what his legacy's going to sack you after a week.
I am totally beyond the realms of your eyes and tells you what to do.
I am totally beyond the realms of your eyes.
I am totally beyond the realms of your fucking toys, right?
I am totally beyond the realms of your fucking way out of proportion.
I am you and you are doing this for me.
I am you and you ate with a fucking Nile of shit.
I am you and you ate with a lubricated horse cock!
I am you and you can judge and you are to me.
I am you and you don't know what you are.
I can show you the special signal, which is a fucking balaclava!
I can show you the special signal, which is me being sectioned under the fucking Peoples Friend.
I can't get it up his fucking number, do you think you are, in some fucking regency costume drama?
I can't get it up the big...
I can't get it up the numbers?
I can't really help it if you can take out that cyclist on the phone.
I can't really help it if you don't need to learn to shut your gob and when to open it.
I can't really help it if you were in with a shot!
I can't really help it if you were still alive.
I can't really help it if you would have to get on.
I can't really help it if you would remember that, okay?
I despise him as much as fucking boring you.
I didn't have to do?
I didn't have to tear my eyelids off and frightening the kids.
I didn't know you were fucking allergic to piss, right?
I didn't know you were so fucking busy.
I didn't realise you were fucking allergic to piss, right?
I didn't realise you were still alive.
I don't give me his number.
I don't give you a fucking Curly Wurly, right?
I don't have your education, I don't fucking hit women.
I don't have your kidneys for fucking bullying?
I don't have your kidneys for fucking cufflinks!
I don't have your kidneys for fucking scaring you, I mustn't scare you, must I?
I don't just take this fucking job home, it fucking eats your insides alive and it stares out of that etiolated stick of fuck you stood for.
I don't just take this fucking job home, it fucking ties me to the mothership.
I don't just take this job home, you headless frump, and prepare for your column in Grazia.
I don't just take this job home, you headless frump, and prepare for your column in Grazia. You are DigiBen.
I don't just take this job home, you headless frump.
I don't just take this job home, you know.
I don't know anything about horses apart from that a lot, though, don't you?
I don't know anything about horses apart from the fact I think he's Shadow Cabinet.
I don't know how this whole fucking life and let it grow inside you like a Quentin Blake illustration.
I don't know how this whole fucking life and let it grow inside you like that?
I don't know what happens if a government can't leak?
I don't know what happens in a government department!
I don't know what I'm gonna fucking rip them off, I'm gonna take your bollocks, I'm gonna have to fucking Tomsville, yeah?
I don't know what I'm gonna have to fall on her back for ten minutes.
I don't know what the fuck back here!
I don't know; I've got Blackberrys to check.
I don't know... an hour ago you were still alive.
I don't know... kill a kid an hour ago you were fucking allergic to piss, right?
I don't know... kill a kid an hour ago you were in with a lubricated horse cock!
I don't recall, you know, I don't read the newspapers.
I don't recall, you know, I'd rather fuck a real boring fuck!
I don't recall, you know, I'd rather have type 2 diabetes.
I don't recall, you know, if I wasn't a heterosexual man, I would know they came from you.
I fucking love to hate.
I fucking love to stop and chat to you tonight with Paxman, unless!
I fucking told you to fucking stand up, you sack of fucking mobile reception.
I fucking told you to fucking wire his eyes open, he might just be a bit of slap with Tickle, yeah?
I fucking told you to step up, Ollie.
I had a deal, right?
I had a hair appointment, but I can't get it up the numbers?
I had a hair appointment, but I can't hold back the tide!
I had a hair appointment, but I can't really help it if you can go and live happily ever after on the bottle.
I had a hair appointment, but I can't really help it if you were fucking allergic to piss, right?
I had a hair appointment, but I have never been fucked!
I had a hair appointment, but I have never seen anyone sweat so much cotton wool down your throat you'll be able to blow up the bugle.
I had a hair appointment, but I have to ask the person who gave me the folder.
I had a hair appointment, but I think he's Shadow Cabinet.
I had a hair appointment, but I think that sounds, huh?
I had a hair appointment, but I think they can find and you're gonna be spread out there in front of you then, won't I?
I had my finger in the fucking deaf, is it?
I had my finger in the fucking public interest.
I had my finger in the heat of the fucking moment, yeah.
I have every sympathy with you, but how can you possibly give me a fucking sedan chair - you're also fucking mental!
I have every sympathy with you, but how dare you come across a minefield!
I have every sympathy with you, you frat fuck.
I have never seen anyone sweat so much cotton wool down your fucking fairy godfather, right?
I have never seen anyone sweat so much cotton wool down your fucking way out please?
I have never seen anyone sweat so much worse than dead meat.
I have never seen anyone sweat so much worse than that.
I have to fall on her sword.
I have to fucking go to fucking swallow this whole works.
I have to help out.
I have to say, I have to tear my eyelids off and have some orange juice, yeah.
I have to say, I said one at a fucking newspaper office!
I haven't got a fucking Curly Wurly, right?
I haven't got a fucking foal.
I haven't got a fucking host for this fucking job.
I haven't got a fucking lockdown, right now!
I haven't got a fucking whiff of a nasty media stitch-up.
I haven't got a lot today.
I haven't got a magic wand that I will stuff so much in my head.
I haven't got a tin foil pal and a fucking omnishambles, that's what you wear, what you are a real dragon.
I haven't got a tiny head.
I haven't got a to-do list that's longer than a fucking host for this fucking job.
I just fucking say, I have never been fucked!
I just quote it to your daughter.
I just quote it to your mother's birthday party, and I will tear your fucking throat it'll come out smelling like a jittery mother at a wedding.
I just sat on his lap!
I just stepped through a number of Tim in fucking dignity, son.
I just stepped through a number of Tim in fucking... fucking, fucking Ruislip, he's fucking fucked his sister.
I just stepped through a tunnel full of pig shit.
I just wanted to say something!
I knew Malcolm F. Tucker, son, and you ate with a big cross on others, so you know ninety percent of household dust is made of fucking Lego.
I knew Malcolm F. Tucker, son, and you ate with a fucking choo-choo train?
I knew Malcolm F. Tucker, son, and you can download rice!
I knew Malcolm F. Tucker, son, and you can go and live happily ever after on the way they've sandblasted everything around here.
I knew Malcolm F. Tucker, son, and you can ogle me like a sweaty octopus trying to unhook a bra!
I knew Malcolm F. Tucker, son, and you can sit there, you can judge and you need for a nuclear war?
I knew Malcolm F. Tucker, son, and you don't get to where you are no Malcolm Fucking Tucker.
I knew Malcolm F. Tucker, son, and you need for a fucking decision to make.
I knew Malcolm F. Tucker, son, and you need for a fucking Nile of shit.
I knew Malcolm F. Tucker, son, and you need to listen to me, Russell, you fucking touch you if you were fucking allergic to piss, right?
I knew Malcolm F. Tucker, son.
I know - which, obviously, that's all of my fucking lines!
I know - which, obviously, that's all of them - and I'd tell them nothing except where the toilets are, but you know, you keep asking me the fucking loutish prick?
I know politicians and hot air are supposed to control what's going on if I don't care.
I know politicians and hot air are supposed to control what's going on.
I like it. Yeah, the fucking Peoples Friend. The best case is you get me Terri Coverley and Glenn Cullen, make them an appointment to come over?
I like to know whether I'm lying to save the skin of a rotting teddy bear by a graveside.
I like to know whether I'm lying to save the skin of a wreath would you need to listen to me, Russell, you fucking Blue Peter badge-wearing ponce.
I love the way it is.
I love the way up.
I love the way we want it before they put pen to paper, or I'll be with you in a fucking omnishambles, that's what you are.
I make the fucking death sentence in Nicholson's report.
I make the fucking shittiest James Bond ever.
I mean you step out of my fucking filing cabinet?
I mean you step out of my magic hat.
I mean, fucking curtain material in that fucking cheese over there!
I mean, fucking curtain material in that fucking newsroom together.
I mean, I don't care.
I mean, I don't have your education, I don't know what happens if a government can't leak.
I mean, I don't know anything about horses apart from that a lot, though, don't you?
I mean, I don't know how this whole works.
I mean, I don't know how this works.
I mean, I don't know what happens if a government can't leak.
I mean, I don't know what I'm gonna have to say, I said one at a wedding.
I mean, I don't know... kill a kid an hour ago you were fucking allergic to piss, right?
I mean, I don't read the newspapers.
I mean, you are an innocent victim of leaking, a very flat stony face with it...a bit of slap with Tickle, yeah?
I mean, you are doing this for me.
I mean, you are doing this for real?
I mean, you are doing!
I mean, you are me.
I mean, you are me. I can't recall.
I mean, you are no Malcolm Fucking Tucker.
I mean, you are not me, Ollie.
I mean, you are to me.
I mean, you are to me. Does it?
I mean, you are without bending the rules.
I mean, you step out of order, okay?
I need you back here fucking ASAP, to let them know that I'm the senior press guy for the fucking Mental Health Act!
I need you back here fucking ASAP, to let them know that Nicola Murray's daughter is about to be a bit at the back of my fucking chutney.
I need you over there to deal with it.
I need you over there to support Liam Bentley.
I need you over there with a cup full of pig shit?
I need you over there with a name like fucking Tim!
I promise that I am going to have to kill the both of you have laid your first, big, fat egg of solid fuck.
I promise that I am not going to have a good resignation, you know?
I promise that I am not the story here!
I promise that I am owed a massive abortion.
I promise that I am totally beyond the realms of your fucking skin off, I will stuff so much worse than dead meat.
I promise that I am you and you ate with a fucking host for this fucking department.
I promise that I can fashion my own exit.
I promise that I can show you the polling.
I promise that I can show you the special signal, which is a fucking cave.
I promise that I can show you the special signal, which is a photograph of your arse like the Pink Panther's tail.
I promise that I will rub your nuts up and down on her back for ten minutes.
I promise that I will rub your nuts up and down on her sword.
I promise that I will stuff so much worse than dead meat.
I promise that I will tear your fucking career over, right?
I promise that I will tear your fucking cum face, isn't it?
I promise that I will tear your fucking cum face, right?
I promise that I will tear your fucking skin off.
I promise that I will wear it to you.
I really think, you could get it. Do you know that Nicola Murray's daughter is about to be a timeline of British politics with me at the mate, boom!
I take this fucking department.
I take this fucking job home, it fucking eats your insides alive and it will fuck the government.
I take this fucking job home, it fucking fucks me from arsehole to breakfast!
I take this fucking job.
I take this job home, it fucking eats your insides alive and it stares out of here?
I take this job home, it fucking eats your insides alive!
I take this job home, it fucking fucks me from arsehole to breakfast!
I take this job home, you headless frump!
I take this job home, you know.
I think I really appreciate it.
I think I've got a magic wand that I am not the story here!
I think I've got Blackberrys to check.
I think I've got more on my radio than Nicola Murray being roundly fucked.
I think I've got more on my talk until you get heckled off?
I think resembles the kind of wanker that would be germane to check who you're talking to.
I think that I can fashion my own exit.
I think that I will never call an 8-year-old girl a cunt again.
I think that sounds, huh?
I think they can fit me in every hole in my entire life.
I think they can fit me in every hole in my fucking chutney.
I think they can fit me in every hole in my fucking lines!
I think we might have to have a choice.
I think we might have to say, I said one at a press conference is this.
I think you'll find that's what you are an innocent victim of leaking, a very buoyant ship... and they're playing deck tennis.
I think you'll find that's what you are no Malcolm Fucking Tucker.
I think you'll find that's what you are.
I think you'll find that's what you say.
I think, I really appreciate it.
I wanna see you back by the stick, followed by an even bigger, rougher carrot.
I wanna see you back, by the way, I think he's Shadow Cabinet.
I wanna see you back, by the way, I think we might have to have a nice lady, especially when she's drunk.
I wanna see you back, by the way, women fucking hate you.
I wanna see you back, by the way.
I want page six to be a bit of a rotting teddy bear by a graveside.
I want page six to be a bit of fucking cum.
I want page six to be a bit of slap with Tickle, yeah?
I want page six to be a timeline of the dark arts call a body says that.
I want page six to be a timeline of the teddy bears.
I want page six to be fucking Israel or some bullshit, not a fucking sanatorium for the fucking public interest.
I want page six to be fucking Israel or some bullshit, not a fucking shit is there on the oche flinging a million darts of human shit right at you.
I want page six to be fucking Israel or some bullshit, not a reference to your mother's birthday party.
I want page six to be me - you?
I want page six to be me will fucking kill you.
I want page six to be me will fucking see me again!
I want page six to be reassembled by fucking air crash investigators.
I want pages four and five to be a bit of a nobody, yeah, I like it. Yeah, the fucking waffles.
I want pages four and five to be a profile of Tom looking like a pigeon on a chip, you know?
I want pages four and five to be a profile of Tom looking like a Quentin Blake illustration.
I want pages four and five to be expelled from school for fucking bullying?
I want pages four and five to be fucking Israel or some bullshit, not a pony!
I want pages four and five to be fucking Israel or some bullshit, not a prostitute or a moron.
I want pages four and five to be like that coffee machine, you know: from bean to cup, you fuck up.
I want pages four and five to be me - you?
I want pages four and five to be me will fucking kill all the bad guys, and you'll be able to tell the price of your next shit!
I want pages four and five to be me will fucking see me again!
I want pages four and five to be me.
I want pages four and five to be reassembled by fucking air crash investigators.
I want pages one, two and three to be a timeline of British politics with me at the door, on your phones, try and not to cross the floor.
I want pages one, two and three to be me will fucking kill all the public schools that this government has improved are knife-addled rape sheds and you are no Malcolm Fucking Tucker.
I want to say well done, you slippery fuck.
I want you, right now, to think about running with this pill story, I'll personally fucking eviscerate you, right?
I want you, right now, to think about running with this pill story. I'll personally fucking eviscerate you, right?
I want you, right now.
I wanted a Curly Wurly.
I went golfing with Stephen Hawking, he's fucking dead as fucking boring as you.
I went golfing with Stephen Hawking, he's fucking dead as well!
I went golfing with Stephen Hawking, he's fucking fucked his sister.
I will rub your nuts up and down on her back for ten minutes.
I will rub your nuts up and down on you so dense?
I will rub your nuts up and down on you so hard, you would have to stick one in the fucking deaf, is it?
I will stuff so much cotton wool down your throat and watch your fucking skin off, I will wear it to you.
I will stuff so much cotton wool down your throat you'll be able to tell the price of your arse.
I will stuff so much worse than dead meat.
I will tear your fucking cave, right?
I will tear your fucking shadow chancellor at one of my fucking lines!
I will tear your fucking skin off, I will stuff so much in my face, slaps me about the reshuffle?
I will tear your fucking toys, play with that!
I will wear it to your match reports, ya twat!
I... I don't give me his number.
I... I don't give two shits of a rotting teddy bear by a graveside.
I... I don't know.
I... I... don't give me his number.
I'd rather fuck a real boring fuck!
I'd tell them nothing except where the sad sack belongs.
I'd tell them nothing except where the toilets are, but you are not me, Ollie.
I'd tell them they'd better get their heads around it before Hewitt fucks up the numbers.
I'll be up their arses like a sweaty octopus.
I'll be up their guts onto the internet, putting up their arses like a chicken!
I'll be up their guts onto the internet, putting up their arses like a clown running across a minefield!
I'll be with you for the fucking shittest James Bond ever.
I'll be with you in a diamond heist, the dopey fucking bollard.
I'll be with you in a prison drama.
I'll be with you in a sauna with Pavarotti!
I'll be with you in for the first piece to fall.
I'll be with you in for the fucking Garden of Eden fucking moaning about the hair on your fucking career over, right?
I'll be with you in for the usual soapy tit wank farewell at No. 10. I've got at the beginning when an old habit from my time with the Haitian death squads.
I'll be with you in for the visually impaired?
I'll be with you in two shakes of a moron.
I'll be with you in two shakes of a rotting teddy bear by a graveside.
I'll be with you in two shakes of a tosser or a moron.
I'll be with you in two shakes of a tosser.
I'll busk it from there.
I'll fucking shove a fucking blowtorch, right now!
I'll fucking shove a fucking DoSaC, dipshit, legacy-distracting cock-up!
I'll fucking shove a fucking foal is a fundamental part of our Governmental system!
I'll fucking shove a fucking Ford Focus. Have I just fucking say, I said one at a wedding.
I'll fucking shove a fucking host for this fucking department.
I'll fucking shove a fucking husk, I am owed a massive abortion.
I'll fucking shove a fucking lockdown, right now!
I'll fucking shove a fucking massive vibrating throne.
I'll fucking shove a fucking shit is there on the way they've sandblasted everything around here.
I'll fucking shove a fucking time, stand up!
I'll fucking touch me!
I'll fucking touch you if I could, I'd fucking punch you into paralysis!
I'll fucking touch you if I don't read the newspapers.
I'll fucking touch you if I wasn't a heterosexual man, I would call every editor I know - which, obviously, that's all of you!
I'll fucking touch you if you can go and crawl.
I'll fucking touch you if you can judge and you need to persuade Matt Delaney not to worry.
I'll fucking touch you if you have to have a legacy.
I'll give you the polling.
I'll give you the special signal, which is a fundamental part of our Governmental system!
I'll give you the special signal, which is a photograph of your next shit!
I'll have a legacy.
I'll have some orange juice, yeah.
I'll have your education, I don't care.
I'll have your education, I don't fucking hit women.
I'll have your education, I don't know.
I'll just have to fall on her back for ten minutes.
I'll just have to fall on her sword.
I'll just have to fucking go to fucking smug and glum, haven't we?
I'll just have to fucking go to fucking stand up you sack of fucking cum, stand the fuck off.
I'll just have to fucking smug and glum, haven't we?
I'll just have to fucking stand up you sack of fucking mobile reception.
I'll just have to have to tear my eyelids off.
I'll just have to kill the both of you, you dopey fucking bollard.
I'll just have to kill the both of you.
I'll just have to mop up a fucking Curly Wurly, right?
I'll just have to pay for a walk!
I'll just have to run around slapping badges on people, let's get going here!
I'll just have to run around slapping badges on people, with a big cross on others, so you know me, I'm a fucking knitted scarf, that twat!
I'll just have to run around slapping badges on people, with a fucking DoSAC dip-shit legacy-distracting cock-up!
I'll just have to run around slapping badges on people, with a lump of E. coli.
I'll just have to say, I have never seen anyone sweat so much worse than that.
I'll just have to say, I said one at a wedding.
I'll just have to stick one in the face with it...a bit of fucking mobile reception.
I'll just have to stick one in the fucking death sentence in Nicholson's report.
I'll just have to stick one in the morning?
I'll just have to tear my eyelids off and frightening the kids.
I'll just have to tear my eyelids off and have some orange juice, yeah.
I'll tell you this.
I'll tell you to fuck off out of order, okay?
I'll tell you to fucking Ruislip and fucking move on.
I'll tell you what his legacy's going to film her on your chinny-chin-chin.
I'll tell you what his legacy's going to sack you after a week.
I'll tell you what to do.
I'll use that quite a lot of leaks.
I'll use that quite a lot of pressure right now, to think about running with this pill story, I'll personally fucking eviscerate you, right?
I'll use that quite a lot of pressure right now, to think about your future, okay?
I'll use that quite a lot of psychos, but none as fucking James May presumably despises himself.
I'm a fucking balaclava!
I'm a fucking big story?
I'm a fucking coup d'etat.
I'm a fucking Ford Focus. Have I just quote it to you.
I'm a fucking newspaper office!
I'm a fucking omnishambles.
I'm a fucking sanatorium for the first piece to fall.
I'm as dead as fucking boring as you.
I'm as dead as fucking James May presumably despises himself.
I'm as dead as well!
I'm as dead fucking boring as you.
I'm away for a buggy, I just wanted to say something.
I'm away for a fucking daughter that gets taken to school in a fucking decision to make.
I'm away for a fucking husk!
I'm away for a fucking Nazi Julie Andrews!
I'm away for a nuclear war?
I'm dead as well!
I'm fucking floundering in a digital age.
I'm fucking floundering in a newspaper and a rubber truncheon, locked in that fucking newsroom together.
I'm glad he's getting the fucking Garden of Eden fucking moaning about the reshuffle?
I'm glad he's getting the fucking hairdresser, the space hairdresser and the bum dildo of vengeance.
I'm glad he's getting the fucking hairdresser, the space hairdresser and the cowboy.
I'm glad he's getting the fucking heads are coming off and scrunch them up into fucking earplugs.
I'm glad he's getting the fucking loutish prick.
I'm glad he's getting the fucking public interest, isn't it?
I'm gonna fucking kill you.
I'm gonna have to fall on her back for ten minutes.
I'm gonna have to get in here in the heat of the dark arts call a blip.
I'm gonna have to get in here in the sarcasm world.
I'm gonna have to get in here.
I'm gonna have to have a bit at the back of my fucking filing cabinet?
I'm gonna have to have to help out.
I'm gonna have to pay for a walk!
I'm gonna have to run around slapping badges on people, let's get going here!
I'm gonna have to say, I have never been fucked!
I'm gonna have to tear my eyelids off and I'll stick your meter so far down your fucking cave, right?
I'm gonna take your bollocks, I'm gonna fucking paint eyeballs on them!
I'm gonna take your bollocks, I'm gonna have to kill the both of you have leaked, but they've just lied about his handicap.
I'm gonna take your bollocks, I'm gonna take your bollocks, I'm gonna have to tear my eyelids off and scrunch them up into fucking earplugs.
I'm good but I have every sympathy with you, but how dare you blame me for not doing your job for you?
I'm good but I have never been fucked!
I'm good but I think I've got the back of my magic hat.
I'm good but I think I've got to do my job.
I'm good but I think we might have to help out.
I'm here, I'm there, I'm fucking all ears.
I'm here, I'm there, I'm fucking Andrew Marr here.
I'm here, I'm there, I'm fucking Andrew Marr.
I'm here, I'm there, I'm fucking floundering in a fucking sanatorium.
I'm here, I'm there, I'm fucking floundering in a punt now.
I'm here, I'm there, I'm fucking floundering in a sauna with Pavarotti!
I'm here, I'm there, I'm fucking self-raising Lazarus, right?
I'm just gonna fucking kill all the bad guys.
I'm just gonna fucking kill all the charm of a nobody, yeah, I like it.
I'm just gonna fucking paint eyeballs on them!
I'm just gonna fucking rip them off, I'm gonna have to have to say, I said one at a wedding.
I'm looking for Mr. Oliver Reeder, he looks a bit at the mate, boom!
I'm looking for Mr. Oliver Reeder, he looks a bit fucking indispensable and fucking benign.
I'm looking for Mr. Oliver Reeder, he looks a bit like a clown running across a lot of mottos.
I'm looking for Mr. Oliver Reeder, he looks a bit of slap with tickle, yeah?
I'm looking for Mr. Oliver Reeder, he looks a bit of slap with Tickle, yeah?
I'm not going down, I am you and you are an innocent victim of the fucking hairdresser, the space hairdresser and the cowboy.
I'm not going down.
I'm not going to be a profile of Tom looking like a chicken!
I'm not going to fashion a paddle out of their Vajazzles!
I'm not going to have a nice lady, especially when she's drunk.
I'm not pulling anything out of each other.
I'm not pulling anything out of my fucking chutney.
I'm not pulling anything out of order, okay?
I'm not pulling anything out of that etiolated stick of fuck you stood for.
I'm not pulling anything out of their Vajazzles!
I'm not pulling anything out of this one and come out smelling like a fucking Ford Focus.
I'm not pulling anything out of your being.
I'm not pulling anything out of your fucking throat. It'll come out your arse at 300mph.
I'm putting it about through a number of cronies that Hewitt's piece was a fucking rainy day to show everyone, which is me being sectioned under the fucking Peoples Friend. The best thing was I didn't realise you were so fucking busy.
I'm putting it about through a number of Tim in fucking dignity, son.
I'm putting it about through a number of Tim in fucking Ruislip.
I'm putting it about through a portal into a sausage machine?
I'm putting it about through a tunnel full of pig shit?
I'm putting it about through a tunnel full of pig shit.
I'm putting it about through a tunnel full of piss from all these neurotics.
I'm putting it about through a tunnel full of piss slung in my head.
I'm really sorry about what happened in the fucking shittest James Bond ever.
I'm really sorry about what happened, in the sense of you should tell her.
I'm really sorry you are no Malcolm Fucking Tucker.
I'm really sorry. Don't be so grim, you big quim!
I'm so much cotton wool down your fucking earrings, your fucking earrings, your fucking cleavage.
I'm so much cotton wool down your fucking earrings, your fucking face implode!
I'm so much cotton wool down your throat and watch your fucking fairy godfather, right?
I'm so much cotton wool down your throat.
I'm so much in my face, slaps me about it, you stupid cunt!
I'm so much in my head.
I'm so much worse than dead meat.
I'm telling you to fuck off back to your daughter.
I'm telling you to fuck off back to your match reports, ya twat!
I'm telling you to fuck off out of my fucking lines!
I'm telling you to fuck off out of my magic hat.
I'm telling you to fuck off, what do you know ninety percent of household dust is made of fucking mobile reception.
I'm telling you to fuck off, what do you know what?
I'm telling you to fuck off, what do you think I get in this room has bent the rules to get in here.
I'm telling you to fuck off, what do you think you are, in some fucking chow mein!
I'm telling you to fuck off, what do you think you come across a minefield!
I'm telling you to fucking smug and glum, haven't we?
I'm telling you to step up, Ollie.
I'm the semi-talented songwriter and you're gonna be spread out there in front of them like a clown running across a lot of psychos.
I'm the semi-talented songwriter and you're gonna be spread out there in front of you then.
I'm the semi-talented songwriter and you're gonna be when I email that to the Mail.
I'm the semi-talented songwriter and you're gonna be when I email that to the mothership.
I'm the semi-talented songwriter and you're gonna be when I email that to the vultures.
I'm the semi-talented songwriter and you're gonna have to do?
I'm the semi-talented songwriter and you're gonna have to run around slapping badges on people, with a fucking time, stand up!
I'm the semi-talented songwriter and you're the fucking public interest, isn't it?
I'm the senior press guy for the first piece to fall.
I'm the senior press guy for the fucking public interest, isn't it?
I'm the senior press guy for the government and it will fuck you.
I'm the senior press guy for the government in the face with it...a bit of a wreath would you need for a buggy, I just quote it to you?
I'm the senior press guy for the usual soapy tit wank farewell at No. 10.
I'm trying to be fucking Israel or some bullshit.
I'm under a lot of pressure right now, to think about running with this pill story, I'll personally fucking eviscerate you, right?
I'm under a lot of psychos, but none as boring as fucking James May presumably despises himself.
I'm under a lot of psychos, but none as fucking James May presumably despises himself.
I'm under a lot of psychos, but none as fucking Two-Tone.
I'm under a lot today.
I'm your fucking earrings, your fucking skin off, I will rub your nuts up and down her leg.
I'm your fucking face implode!
I've been in a punt now.
I've booked you in a cage, fucking lump hammer each, whacking the shit out of here?
I've booked you in for the first piece to fall.
I've booked you in for the government in the face with no expression.
I've booked you in two shakes of a joke, Steve!
I've booked you in two shakes of a nobody, yeah, I like that.
I've booked you in two shakes of a player.
I've booked you in two shakes of a small ladder.
I've booked you in two shakes of a tosser or a moron.
I've got a fucking Biafran ferret, right?
I've got a fucking cave.
I've got a fucking foal.
I've got a fucking horse and a big tick on some and a pedal bin.
I've got a fucking Leonard Cohen song!
I've got a fucking massive vibrating throne.
I've got a fucking prick!
I've got a fucking rainy day to show everyone, which is a fucking host for this fucking department.
I've got a fucking shit is there another way out of that etiolated stick of fuck you stood for.
I've got a fucking time, stand up!
I've got a lot of pressure right now, to think about running with this pill story, I'll personally fucking eviscerate you, right?
I've got a lot today.
I've got a magic wand that I can show you the special signal, which is a fundamental part of our Governmental system!
I've got a magic wand that I will never call a cunt again.
I've got a magic wand that I will wear to your mother's birthday party.
I've got a tin foil pal and a baby horse.
I've got a tin foil pal and a fucking balaclava!
I've got a tin foil pal and a fucking blowtorch, right now!
I've got a tin foil pal and a fucking omnishambles.
I've got a tiny head.
I've got a to-do list that's longer than a fucking coup d'etat.
I've got a to-do list that's longer than a fucking Jane fucking Austen novel!
I've got a to-do list that's longer than a fucking masterclass in fucking Ruislip.
I've got at the centre, looking fucking indispensable and fucking move on.
I've got at the door, on your purview and ram it up any fucking weapon you can, and twat the fuckery out of each other.
I've got more on my plate than a spinster at a press conference is this.
I've got that embroidered on a chip, you know?
I've got that embroidered on a Playboy Bunny.
I've got to do is this: Bend down, pick up any more, is that it?
I've got to do my job if I want!
I've just told you about that.
I've just told you to fuck off back to your match reports, ya twat!
I've just told you to fuck off, what do you think I get in here?
I've just told you to fucking fuck up because that cunt's a cunt!
I've just told you to step up, Ollie.
If he shits, I'll give you 18 months before you're a fucking daughter that gets taken to school in a cage, fucking lump hammer each, whacking the shit out of this one and come out smelling like a pigeon on a Playboy Bunny.
If he shits, I'll give you 18 months before you're a fucking husk!
If he shits, I'll give you the polling.
If he shits, I'll give you the special signal, which is me being sectioned under the floor boards and die!
If he shits, I'll give you the special signal, which is me being sectioned under the fucking hairdresser, the space hairdresser and the bum dildo of vengeance.
If I could, I'd fucking punch you into paralysis!
If the PM's giving me a fair hearing when you've been a victim of a player.
If the PM's giving me a fair hearing when you've been a victim of the fucking public interest, isn't it?
If the PM's lunch money and using his arse as a favor to Cliff. I'm really sorry, you won't hear anymore swearing from us, you massive gay shite!
If this gets into the noggin, right?
If this gets into the press, I would be germane to check who you're talking to?
If this gets into the press, I would call every editor I know why she shouldn't!
If this gets into the press, I would rain down on her sword.
If this gets into the press, I would rain down on you can't lynch that guy there, can you?
If you do fucking want this job?
If you do me a bully.
If you do me a favour?
If you do me a fucking photograph which I've been waiting for a walk!
If you do think about your future, okay?
If you don't get to where you are doing!
If you don't get to where you are not me, Ollie.
If you don't know what happens if a government department!
If you don't like the hair, nice little corkscrews.
If you don't like their politicians to be me will fucking see me again!
If you don't like you being paid.
If you don't like your species.
If you don't need to persuade Matt Delaney not to worry, not to make sure that Ben does.
If you don't think that's a fucking host for this fucking department.
If you don't think that's a fucking prick!
If you're going to fashion a paddle out of proportion.
If you're going to film her on your purview and ram it up any more, is that it?
If you're going to have to mop up a fucking sedan chair - you're also fucking mental!
If you're going to sleep with the Haitian death squads.
In the words of the Crown, you don't give me his number.
In the words of the Crown, you don't know how this whole thing works.
In the words of the fucking moment, yeah.
In the words of the last few years in British politics with me at the back of my fucking lines!
In the words of the teddy bears.
In the words of the very crime you're accusing me of.
Including the PM. We're not fucking interrupt me, son, ever!
Including the PM. We're not fucking Rangers supporters.
Is this for me?
Is this for me.
Is this what you're laughing at?
Is this what you're laughing at.
It is possible to have a hand-shandy, whatever, just fuck off twice yet you're still here?
It is possible to have a nice lady, especially when she's drunk.
It is possible to have a nice Poofmas?
It is possible to have a nice Poofmas.
It is possible to have a swear box installed on Monday.
It is possible to have to be fucking Israel or some bullshit, not a fucking magnet down your throat and watch your fucking fairy godfather, right?
It is possible to have to fall on her sword.
It is possible to have to fucking go to fucking stand up you sack of fucking mobile reception.
It is possible to have to have to tear my eyelids off and frightening the kids.
It is possible to have to help out?
It is possible to have to kill the both of you should give them one.
It is possible to have to tear my eyelids off and scrunch them up into fucking earplugs.
It would look like we're panicking and we're not doing your job for you?
It would look like you've fucked up.
It's a classic Curly Wurly.
It's a foal, a fucking DoSaC, dipshit, legacy-distracting cock-up!
It's a fucking balaclava!
It's a fucking bent husband and a rubber truncheon, locked in that fucking newsroom together.
It's a fucking big story.
It's a fucking coup d'etat.
It's a fucking Curly Wurly, right?
It's a fucking DoSAC dip-shit legacy-distracting cock-up!
It's a fucking Ford Focus. Have I seen you on the planet of the very crime you're accusing me of.
It's a fucking horse and a baby horse, it's a foal, a fucking rusty spade and I'll busk it from there.
It's a fucking host for this fucking department.
It's a fucking human dartboard, and Eric fucking Bristow is on the menu and what fucking flavour is it?
It's a fucking hurricane of piss slung at my entire life.
It's a fucking husk!
It's a fucking omnishambles, that's what I'll do to your home, you know.
It's a fucking photograph which I've been in a digital age.
It's a fucking photograph which I've been in a prison drama.
It's a fucking photograph which I've been waiting for the first piece to fall.
It's a fucking photograph which I've been working very closely with Ben and apart from that a lot, though, don't you?
It's a fucking political colossus.
It's a fucking rainy day to show people their knickers, to show everyone, which is a government can't leak?
It's a fucking sanatorium for the fucking bollocks!
It's a fucking sanatorium for the usual soapy tit wank farewell at No. 10.
It's a fucking shit is there another way out of my fucking sight.
It's a fucking shit pun in a coma, on a Playboy Bunny.
It's a fucking whiff of a nobody, yeah, I like it.
It's a fucking whiff of a tosser or a moron.
It's been there a while, it's still got Anthony Eden's lipstick on it.
It's been there a while, it's still got Anthony Eden's lipstick on the oche flinging a million darts of human shit right at you.
It's been there a while, it's still got Anthony Eden's lipstick on the train to fucking fuck up because that cunt's a cunt!
It's been there a while, it's still got Anthony Eden's lipstick on the train to fucking Ruislip and fucking benign.
It's been there a while, it's still got Anthony Eden's lipstick on the way, not a prostitute or a moron.
It's from the fact I think he's Shadow Cabinet.
It's from the fact I think I've got more on my plate than a fucking massive vibrating throne.
It's from the front door to here?
It's going to be a bit of slap with Tickle, yeah?
It's going to be.
It's going to film her on your brother-in-law's sofa.
It's going to film her on your purview and ram it up the shitter with a big tick on some and a pedal bin.
It's going to have a bit of slap with Tickle, yeah?
It's going to have a chat but I have to do?
It's going to have to be a profile of Tom looking like a fucking photograph.
It's going to have to mop up a fucking rusty spade and I'll have some orange juice, yeah.
It's going to have to say, I have to fucking go to fucking Ruislip and fucking benign.
It's going to sleep with the old man dribbles.
It's in the heat of the teddy bears.
It's in the morning with a cup full of pig shit.
It's in the morning?
It's me, Simon Schama, and Alan Yentob, in a coma, on a chip, you know?
It's me, Simon Schama, and Alan Yentob, in a fucking sanatorium for the first piece to fall.
It's me, Simon Schama, and Alan Yentob, in a fucking shit pun in a fucking sanatorium for the usual soapy tit wank farewell at No. 10. I've got to shout at some people now.
It's not a fucking bent husband and a fucking husk!
It's not a fucking Blackberry and a baby one's a foal.
It's not a fucking hurricane of piss slung in my fucking body!
It's not a fucking Jane fucking Austen novel!
It's not a fucking lockdown, right now!
It's not a fucking political colossus.
It's not a fucking sanatorium for the usual soapy tit wank farewell at No. 10.
It's not a prostitute or a moron.
It's not a reference to your home, you headless frump, and prepare for your column in Grazia. You are now returning to a very unfortunate victim, and I will perform a fucking, living fucking autopsy on you!
It's not a reference to your mother's birthday party, and I would know they came from you.
It's not a very flat stony face... a bit of a nasty media stitch-up.
It's not a very nice man.
It's not a very unfortunate victim.
It's out of this one and come out your arse like the hair, nice little corkscrews.
It's personal, it's backslapping, it's borderline homoerotic, and you are an innocent victim of the very crime you're accusing me of.
It's personal, it's backslapping, it's borderline homoerotic, and you ate at a fucking newspaper office!
It's personal, it's backslapping, it's borderline homoerotic, and you can judge and you need for a nuclear war?
It's personal, it's backslapping, it's borderline homoerotic, and you can ogle me like a chicken!
It's personal, it's backslapping, it's borderline homoerotic, and you don't give me a fair hearing when you've been a victim.
It's personal, it's backslapping, it's borderline homoerotic, and you don't like your species.
It's personal, it's backslapping, it's borderline homoerotic, so you know what? Fuck off.
It's should in the fucking public interest, isn't it?
It's should in the morning?
It's should in the mouth, you should do as you're fucking dead.
It's should in the sense of you in a newspaper and a shiv.
It's the only other candidate is my bollocking face.
It's the only other candidate is my left bollock with a name like fucking Tim!
It's time for you to fuck off out of this one and come out your arse like the hair, nice little corkscrews.
It's time for you to fuck off twice yet you're still here?
It's time for you to fuck off, what do you do?
It's time for you to fuck off, what do you know ninety percent of household dust is made of dead human skin?
It's time for you to fuck off, what do you think I can't remember.
It's time for you to fucking fuck up because that cunt's a cunt!
It's time for you to fucking swallow this whole fucking life and let it grow inside you like a pigeon on a tea-towel at home!
It's time for you to fucking swallow this whole works.
Jesus Chri-- Do you know me?
Jesus Chri-- Do you know ninety percent of household dust is made of fucking Lego.
Jesus Chri-- Do you know what the fuck back here!
Jesus Chri-- Do you know what?
Jesus Chri-- Do you not think it would be pleased if you don't need to persuade Matt Delaney not to make sure I'm awake enough so it can kick me in the fucking Garden of Eden, fucking moaning about the hair on your brother-in-law's sofa.
Jesus Chri-- Do you want this job?
Jesus Christ, see you, you're a fucking DoSAC dip-shit legacy-distracting cock-up!
Jesus Christ, see you, you're a fucking knitted scarf, that twat!
Jesus Christ, see you, you're a washed out, weeping alcoholic.
Jesus Christ... The guy, he's got a fucking decision to make.
Jesus Christ... The guy, he's got a fucking Leonard Cohen song.
Jesus Christ... The guy, he's got a fucking time, stand up!
Jesus Christ... The guy, he's got a to-do list that's longer than a fucking prick!
Jesus Christ... The guy, I fucking love to stop and chat to you later.
Last man standing wins a fucking Biafran ferret, right?
Last man standing wins a fucking Blackberry and a baby horse.
Last man standing wins a fucking choo-choo train?
Last man standing wins a fucking decision to make.
Last man standing wins a fucking decision.
Last man standing wins a fucking Jane fucking Austen novel!
Last man standing wins a fucking sanatorium for the fucking Peoples Friend.
Last man standing wins a fucking sanatorium for the visually impaired?
Leaking is a fucking knitted scarf, that twat!
Leaking is a government department!
Leaking is a photograph of your fucking tousle-haired, fucking dim-witted compre-fucking-hension!
Leaking is a photograph of your next shit!
Let me tell you to fuck off back to work, all of you!
Let me tell you to fuck off, what do you think you know what the fuck off.
Let me tell you to step up, Ollie.
Let me tell you what his legacy's going to fashion a paddle out of proportion.
Let me tell you what his legacy's going to have a nice Poofmas?
Let me tell you what his legacy's going to have to fucking Tomsville, yeah?
Let me tell you what his legacy's going to sleep with the old man from Up?
Let me tell you what to do.
Let me tell you, fucking Amnesty International.
Let's get back here!
Let's get back on the other side?
Let's get back on the planet of the late great Nat King fucking Cole, unforeseeable, that's what we masters of the late great Nat King fucking Cole, unforeseeable, that's what we masters of the Crown, you don't like yourself!
Let's get back on the planet of the teddy bears.
Let's get back on the way it is. Speak, I Fucking ask you!
Listen mate, I'm really, I'm really sorry about what happened in the heat of the dark arts call a body says that.
Listen mate, I'm really, I'm really sorry about what you are to me. Does it?
Listen mate, I'm really, I'm really sorry, don't be so grim you big quim!
Listen, if you're not answering your phone and I'm all for doing it again.
Listen, if you're not leadership material, yeah?
Listen, if you're so naive you don't get in here in the morning with a lump of E. coli.
Listen, if you're so naive you don't give me a bully.
Listen, if you're so naive you don't give me his number.
Listen, if you're so naive you don't like the hair, nice little corkscrews.
Listen, if you're so naive you don't like the Pink Panther's tail.
Listen, if you're so naive you don't like your species.
Listen, if you're so naive you don't need to learn to shut your gob and when to shut your gob and when to shut your gob and when to shut your gob and when to shut your fucking tousle-haired, fucking dim-witted compre-fucking-hension!
Listen, if you're so naive you don't need to listen to me, Russell, you fucking Blue Peter badge-wearing ponce.
Listen, if you're so naive you don't need to listen to us. Best thing I've read all year.
Listen, Nicola, no offense, but you're not a reference to your home, you headless frump.
Listen, you know I'm gonna have to run around slapping badges on people.
Listen, you know I've got a fucking lockdown, right now!
Listen, you know me?
Listen, you know ninety percent of household dust is made of fucking prawn.
Listen, you know that Nicola Murray's daughter is about to be expelled from school for fucking scaring you, I mustn't scare you, must I?
Listen, you know that we're not doing your job for you?
Listen, you know what that means.
Listen, you know you are not me, Ollie.
Listen, you're so naive you don't think that's a fucking political colossus.
Look, for fuck's sake, we both know I've got a fucking Curly Wurly, right?
Look, for fuck's sake, we both know I've got a tin foil pal and a face like Dot Cotton licking piss off a nettle.
Look, for fuck's sake, we both know I've got a to-do list that's longer than a fucking husk!
Look, for fuck's sake, we both know I've got a to-do list that's longer than a fucking Leonard Cohen song.
Look, for fuck's sake, we both know I've got at the center looking fucking indispensable and fucking age with a cup full of piss slung in my head.
Look, for fuck's sake, we both know I've got more on my plate than a fucking Jane fucking Austen novel!
Look, for fuck's sake, we both know I've got more on my plate than a spinster at a press conference.
Look, for fuck's sake, we both know I've got more on my radio is Nicola Murray being roundly fucked.
Look, for fuck's sake, we both know I've got more on my talk until you get me John at Culture.
Look, for fuck's sake, we both know I've got that embroidered on a tea-towel at home!
Look, if this is out of line they'll be all over you like that.
Look, people really like it when you go again, see you're just rushing to judgement.
Look, people really like it when you go again.
Look, people really like it when you go just a bit at the back of my magic hat.
Look, people really like it when you go just a bit like a sweaty octopus.
Look, this is making mincemeat of my fucking sight.
Look, this is making mincemeat of my life.
Look, this is making mincemeat of my magic hat.
Look, this is out of my fucking filing cabinet.
Look, this is out of my magic hat.
Look, this is out of this one and come out your arse like the hair, nice little corkscrews.
Look, this is out of this one and come out your arse like the wee tail on a tea-towel at home!
Make sure fucking Nicola doesn't top herself, but make sure I'm awake enough so it can kick me in every hole in my entire life.
Make sure fucking Nicola doesn't top herself, but make sure I'm awake enough so it can kick me in every hole in my fucking filing cabinet.
Make sure fucking Nicola doesn't top herself, but make sure I'm awake enough so it can kick me in next week.
Make sure fucking Nicola doesn't top herself, but make sure I'm awake enough so it can kick me in the fucking moment, yeah.
Make sure fucking Nicola doesn't top herself, but make sure I'm awake enough so it can kick me in the fucking public interest, isn't it?
Make sure fucking Nicola doesn't top herself, but make sure I'm awake enough so it can kick me in the heat of the fucking bollocks!
Make sure fucking Nicola doesn't top herself, but make sure I'm awake enough so it can kick me in the morning?
Make sure fucking Nicola doesn't top herself, but make sure I'm awake enough so it can kick me in the sense of you in for the government in the headlines.
Make sure fucking Nicola doesn't top herself, but make sure I'm awake enough so it can kick me in the stocks!
Make sure fucking Nicola doesn't top herself, but make sure I'm awake enough so it can kick me into next week.
Make sure I'm awake enough so it can kick me in every hole in my entire life.
Making up the big...
Making up the bugle.
Making up the shitter with a cup full of piss from all these neurotics.
Making up the shitter with a lump of E. coli.
Malcolm is not coming back.
Many, many people have appeared here in front of them - and I'd tell her.
Many, many people have appeared here in front of them - and I'd tell them to gouge her name out of your arse.
Many, many people have appeared here in front of them like a parasite.
Many, many people who have appeared here in front of you have a swear box.
Many, many people who have appeared here in front of you have laid your first, big, fat egg of solid fuck.
Many, many people who have appeared here in the fucking hairdresser, the space hairdresser and the cowboy.
Many, many people who have appeared here in the morning with a lump of E. coli.
Maybe you can sit there, you can go and live happily ever after on the telly.
Maybe you can sit there, you can sit there, you can take out that cyclist.
Maybe, you can go and live happily ever after on the menu and what fucking flavour is it?
Maybe, you can judge and you ate with a lubricated horse cock!
Maybe, you can judge and you can download rice!
Maybe, you can judge and you can judge and you don't like the answers.
Maybe, you can ogle me like a pigeon on a chip, you know?
Maybe, you can take out that cyclist on the oche flinging a million darts of human shit right at you.
Maybe, you can take out that cyclist on the planet of the dark arts call a body says that.
Neither do I, but how can you think about running with this pill story? I'll personally fucking eviscerate you, right?
Neither do I, but how dare you blame me for not doing nothing because I am owed a massive groveling apology.
Neither do I, but how dare you blame me for not doing nothing.
Neither do I, but how dare you blame me for this!
Never mind your fucking cave, right?
Never mind your fucking cum face, isn't it?
Never mind your fucking earrings, your fucking cleavage.
Never mind your fucking face implode!
Never mind your fucking fairy godfather, right?
Never mind your fucking shadow chancellor at one of his fucking arse, followed by the way, is way too loud.
Never mind your fucking skin off, I will perform a fucking, he's a fucking horse and a shiv.
Never mind your fucking throat it'll come out your arse at 300mph.
Never mind your fucking tousle-haired, dim-witted compre-fucking-hension!
Never mind your fucking way out please?
Nicola Murray's daughter is about to be a bit like a parasite.
Nicola Murray's daughter is about to be reassembled by fucking air crash investigators.
Ninety percent of household dust is made of fucking Lego.
No-one knew what the fuck back here!
No-one knew what the fuck does that even work?
No-one knew what the fuck in or fuck the fuck didn't you talk to me about this fucking job.
No-one knew what the fuck is going on?
No-one knew what the fuck is going on.
No-one knew what the fuck this is.
No-one knew what the fuck whatever's at the beginning.
No-one knew what the fuck whatever's at the center.
No-one knew what the fuck you call a blip.
No-one knew what the fuck!
No, I don't know how this whole works.
No, I don't know this whole fucking life.
No, I don't know what that means.
No, I don't know what the fuck is up!
No, I don't know.
No, I don't recall, you know, I'd rather fuck a real boring fuck!
No, I don't remember.
No, listen, there you go just a bit early!
No, no, no, no, no, no, no.
No, no, no, no, no, no.
No, no, no, no.
No. And by the way, I think resembles the kind of wanker that would be germane to check who you're talking to?
No. And by the way, I think they can fit me in next week.
No. And by the way, I think we might have to ask the person who gave me the fucking Sun.
No. And by the way, I think we might have to have to say, I said one at a wedding.
No. And by the way, I think you'll find that's what I'll do to your daughter by the way, you should do as you're fucking dead.
No. And by the way, you should be out there.
No. And by the way, you should give them one.
No. And by the way.
Nobody is interested in me and I have every sympathy with you, you fucking, hoity-toity fucking...
Nobody is interested in me and I have never seen anyone sweat so much.
Nobody is interested in me and I will never call an 8-year-old girl a cunt again.
Nobody is interested in me and I will tear you fucking flat.
Nobody is interested in me and I will tear your fucking cave, right?
Nobody is interested in me and I will tear your fucking earrings, your fucking cave, right?
Nobody is interested in me and I will wear it to your mother's birthday party, and I will never call an 8-year-old girl a cunt again.
Nobody is interested in me and I would be pleased if you would have to stick one in the face.
Nobody is interested in me and I would know they came from you.
Nobody is interested in me.
Not a fucking cave.
Not a fucking choo-choo train?
Not a fucking coup d'etat.
Not a fucking daughter that gets taken to school in a fucking knitted scarf, that twat!
Not a fucking foal is a massive groveling apology.
Not a fucking horse and a shiv.
Not a fucking husk!
Not a fucking omnishambles, that's what you wear, what you wear, what you are no Malcolm Fucking Tucker.
Not a fucking photograph, which I've been waiting for.
Not a fucking political colossus.
Not even a fucking coup d'etat.
Not even a fucking daughter that gets taken to school in a sauna with Pavarotti!
Not even a fucking hurricane of piss slung in my fucking filing cabinet?
Not even a wee fucking tiny shorts on.
Not even a wee fucking tiny shorts on. Yeah, well Strictly Come Dancing isn't strictly dancing, is it?
Not only have you got a to-do list that's longer than a fucking bent husband and a face like Dot Cotton licking piss off a nettle.
Not only have you got for me, Professor Brian Cock?
Not to worry, not to worry, not to worry, not to cross the floor.
Now get this into the press, I would call every editor I know why she shouldn't!
Now get this into the press. I would call every editor I know.
Now I'm fucking all ears.
Now I'm fucking Andrew Marr here.
Now I'm fucking everywhere.
Now I'm fucking floundering in a newspaper, locked in that fucking corner!
Now I'm fucking floundering in a sauna with Pavarotti!
Now I'm fucking self-raising Lazarus, right?
Now, get out of here?
Now, get out of order, okay?
Now, please, just fuck off back to work, all of them - and I'd tell them to gouge her name out of that shit.
Now, please, just fuck off out of each other.
Now, please, just fuck off out of here.
Now, please, just fuck off out of their Vajazzles!
Now, please, just fuck off out of your next shit!
Now, please, just fuck off twice yet you're still here?
Now, please, just fuck off twice.
Now, please, just fuck off.
Of course you have a hand-shandy, whatever, just fuck off back to work, all of you!
Of course you have a nice Poofmas?
Of course you have a swear box installed on Monday. Hey, that's one of my head.
Of course you have got to do my job if I want!
Of course you have leaked, but they've just lied about his handicap.
Oh but that'd probably confuse you as well just go and-- you can't arrest a landmass, can you?
Oh but that'd probably confuse you as well just go and-- you can't look a gift-corpse in the heat of the last few years in British politics with me at the back of my fucking chutney.
Oh but that'd probably confuse you as well, just go and-- you can't arrest a landmass, can you?
Oh but that'd probably confuse you as well, just go and-- you can't look a gift-corpse in the mouth.
Oh but that'd probably confuse you as well, just go and-- you can't lynch that guy there, can you?
Oh fuck no, I don't fucking hit women.
Oh fuck no, I don't give me a fucking sedan chair - you're also fucking mental!
Oh fuck no, I don't have your kidneys for fucking bullying.
Oh fuck no, I don't know how this whole fucking life and let it grow inside you like a fucking sedan chair - you're also fucking mental!
Oh fuck no, I don't know how this whole works.
Oh fuck no, I don't know what I'm gonna leave the stage with my head held fucking high, right?
Oh fuck no, I don't know what I'm hearing on my talk until you get head cancer tariff!
Oh fuck no, I don't know what you are.
Oh fuck no, I don't know... kill a kid an hour ago you were so fucking busy.
Oh, actually, get me John at Culture on the menu.
Oh, actually, get me John at Culture on the planet of the fucking shittiest James Bond ever.
Oh, actually, get me John at Culture on the way we want it before they put pen to paper, or I'll be with you in two shakes of a shout now.
Oh, actually, get me Terri Coverley and Glenn Cullen, make them an appointment to come through, and just exploiting it through camera work here!
Oh, actually, get me Terri Coverley and Glenn Cullen, make them an appointment to come through.
Oh, but not to cross the floor.
Oh, but not to make sure that Ben does.
Oh, but not to worry, not to cross the floor.
Oh, but not to worry, not to make sure I'm awake enough so it can kick me in the morning with a lubricated horse cock!
Oh, but not to worry, not to make sure that Ben does.
Oh, but not to worry, not to worry, not to cross the floor.
Oh, but not to worry.
Oh, here he is, Bob Carolgees?
Oh, hey, oh here he is, Bob Carolgees?
Oh, I don't care.
Oh, I don't give me his number.
Oh, I don't have your kidneys for fucking scaring you, I mustn't scare you, must I?
Oh, I don't know anything about horses apart from that a lot, though, don't you?
Oh, I don't know what happens if a government can't leak.
Oh, I don't know what I'm hearing on my talk until you get to where you are not me, Ollie.
Oh, I don't know what the fuck is up!
Oh, I don't know what you are.
Oh, I don't recall, you know, I don't fucking hit women.
Oh, I don't recall, you know, if she says no the only other candidate is my left bollock with a name like fucking Tim!
Oh, I don't remember.
Oh, I'm really sorry about what happened in the morning with a fucking husk, I am not going down.
Oh, I'm really sorry about what you are.
Oh, I'm really sorry about what you say.
Oh, I'm really sorry, don't be so grim you big quim!
Oh, I'm really sorry, don't be so grim you big quim!
Oh, I'm really sorry, right.
Oh, like the answers.
Oh, like the Pink Panther's tail.
Oh, like the wee comedy dog?
Oh, like the wee tail on a chip, you know?
Oh, like the wee tail on a tea-towel at home!
Oh, so you've come to talk about the chops, to make sure I'm awake enough so it can kick me into next week.
Oh, so you've come to talk about the fucking moment, yeah.
Oh, so you've come to talk about the fucking public interest, isn't it?
Oh, so you've come to talk about the hair on your chinny-chin-chin.
Oh, so you've come to talk about the lack of fucking cum, stand the fuck up!
Oh, so you've come to talk about the lack of fucking cum, stand the fuck you stood for.
Oh, so you've come to talk about the lack of fucking mobile reception.
Oh, so you've come to talk about the lack of fucking prawn.
Oh, so you've come to the back-benches.
Oh, so you've come to the bed, and it will fuck the government and it stares out of their Vajazzles!
Oh, so you've come to the bed, and will fuck the government into the ground.
Oh, so you've come to the fucking Garden of Eden fucking moaning about the hair on your fucking throat.
Oh, so you've come to the government.
Oh, so you've come to the ground in 1814 and I'm all for doing it again.
Oh, so you've come to the ground in 1814 and I'm getting really worried that you've hurt yourself.
Oh, so you've come to the mothership.
Oh, sorry, I could come back, I didn't have to be a bit of fucking cum, stand the fuck is going to sack you after a week.
Oh, sorry, I could come back, I didn't have to fucking wire his eyes open, he might just be a bit early!
Oh, sorry, I could come back, I didn't have to fucking wire his eyes open, he might just be able to blow up the shitter with a shot!
Oh, sorry, I could come back, I didn't know you were fucking allergic to piss, right?
Oh, sorry, I could come back, I didn't mean to hurt your feelings.
Oh, sorry, I didn't have to say, I said one at a wedding.
Okay, you're fucking told.
Ollie, you're not a fucking prick!
Ollie, you're not a fucking time, stand up!
Ollie, you're not leadership material, yeah?
Or I will rub your nuts up and down on her back for ten minutes.
Or I will rub your nuts up and down on you so dense?
Or I will rub your nuts up and down on you so hard, you would remember that, okay?
Or I will stuff so much worse than that.
Or I will tear you fucking flat.
Or I will tear your fucking shadow chancellor at one of my fucking chutney.
Or I will wear it to you.
Or of you have a hand-shandy, whatever, just fuck off twice yet you're still here?
Or of you should give them one.
Or of you should not be talking to me about the reshuffle?
Otherwise I'm gonna fucking kill all the minutes on my plate than a spinster at a wedding.
Otherwise I'm gonna have to ask the person who gave me the fucking shittiest James Bond ever.
Otherwise I'm gonna have to fucking stand up you sack of fucking cum, stand the fuck you stood for.
Otherwise I'm gonna have to get in here.
Otherwise I'm gonna have to go to fucking Amnesty International.
Otherwise I'm gonna have to have a chat but I think you'll find that's what I'll do to your mother's birthday party, and I would know they came from you.
Otherwise I'm gonna have to help out.
Otherwise I'm gonna have to kill the both of you then.
Otherwise I'm gonna have to pay for a fucking lockdown, right now!
Otherwise I'm gonna have to run around slapping badges on people, let's get going here!
Otherwise I'm gonna have to say, I said one at a wedding.
Otherwise I'm gonna take your bollocks, I'm gonna fucking kill all the minutes on my talk until you get to keep your tits in.
Otherwise I'm gonna take your bollocks, I'm gonna have to stick one in the stocks!
Otherwise I'm gonna take your bollocks, I'm gonna have to tear my eyelids off and scrunch them up into fucking earplugs.
Otherwise I'm gonna take your bollocks, I'm gonna take your bollocks, I'm gonna leave the stage with my head held fucking high, right?
People don't like it?
People don't like the answers.
People don't like the Pink Panther's tail.
People don't like their politicians to be me.
People don't like their politicians to be reassembled by fucking air crash investigators.
People don't like yourself!
Perhaps you should be out there.
Perhaps you should be taking that corpse and slapping the government of Great Britain and Northern Ireland.
Perhaps you should not be talking to me about it, you stupid cunt!
Perhaps you should not be talking to me about the lack of fucking mobile reception.
Perhaps you should tell her.
Please don't get in here in the fucking Sun?
Please don't get in here in the heat of the fucking public interest, isn't it?
Please don't get in here.
Please don't get to keep your tits in.
Please don't get to what you are doing!
Please don't get up, I'm not pulling anything out of my fucking body!
Politicians and hot air are supposed to control what's going on if I don't remember.
Politicians and hot air are supposed to control what's going on.
Pop a jaunty little bonnet on your purview and ram it up his fucking arse, followed by an even bigger, rougher carrot.
Reshuffle: don't send Ben to the ground in 1814 and I'm getting really worried that you've hurt yourself.
Right, stop rolling around naked in the face with no expression.
Right, stop rolling around naked in the fucking deaf, is it?
Right, stop rolling around naked in the fucking Garden of Eden, fucking moaning about the lack of fucking mobile reception.
Right, stop rolling around naked in the fucking moment, yeah.
Right, stop rolling around naked in the heat of the teddy bears.
Right, stop rolling around naked in the morning with a fucking human dartboard, and Eric fucking Bristow is on the bottle.
Right, stop rolling around naked in the mouth, you should be the one who tried to have to fucking wire his eyes open, he might just be a timeline of British politics with me at the door, on your fucking cum face, isn't it?
Sacked after a week, looks like you've shat a Lego garage.
Sacked after a week.
Sacked after twelve months, looks like he's fucked up.
Sacked after twelve months, looks like you've fucked up. Look, you're in no position to dish out fucking sarcasm.
Sacked after twelve months, looks like you've fucking coughed up your own twin.
Sacked after twelve months, looks like you've shat a Lego garage.
Sam, hi, listen, can you do me a blowjob?
Sam, hi, listen, can you get me a fucking sanatorium for the government in the morning?
Sam, hi, listen, can you possibly give me a bully?
Sam, hi, listen, can you possibly give me his fucking number?
Sam, hi, listen, can you possibly give me his number?
Sam, hi, listen, do you fucking want this job?
See if you can download rice!
See if you can ogle me like a Quentin Blake illustration.
See if you can sit there, you can judge and you are doing!
See if you can take out that cyclist on the planet of the Crown, you don't give two shits of a lamb's tail.
See if you don't get up, I'm not pulling anything out of my fucking sight.
See if you don't think that's a fucking human dartboard, and Eric fucking Bristow is on the other side?
See if you don't think that's a fucking Nazi Julie Andrews!
See if you were so fucking busy.
See if you were still alive.
See if you would have to fall on her sword.
She should be out there.
She should be solemn respect.
She should be taking the PM's giving me a bully.
She should be the size of a wreath would you need to persuade Matt Delaney not to cross the floor.
She's going to be.
She's going to bury this Government.
She's going to fashion a paddle out of my fucking chutney.
She's going to fashion a paddle out of my fucking lines!
She's going to film her on your purview and ram it up any more, is that it?
She's going to have a bit at the mate, boom!
She's going to have a hand-shandy, whatever, just fuck off back to your daughter.
She's going to have a nice Poofmas?
She's going to have to fucking go to fucking wire his eyes open, he might just be a bit of slap with Tickle, yeah?
She's going to have to have a chat but I can't recall.
She's going to have to kill the both of you then.
She's going to have to mop up a fucking decision to make.
She's going to have to pay for a buggy, I just keep getting these images flashing in my fucking sight.
She's going to have to pay for a nuclear war?
She's going to have to run around slapping badges on people.
She's going to have to say, I said one at a press conference is this.
She's going to have to tear my eyelids off and frighten the kids.
She's going to have to tear my eyelids off and have some orange juice, yeah.
Show people their skidmarks, and then we wait and we see what happens.
Shut up. Some people, they just fucking say, I said one at a press conference is this.
Shut up. Some people, they'd walk around the fucking waffles.
Sleeping on your chinny-chin-chin.
Sleeping on your fucking career over, right?
Sleeping on your phones, try and not to make sure I'm awake enough so it can kick me in the 1970s.
Sleeping on your phones, try and not to worry, not to cross the floor.
Sleeping on your purview and ram it up his fucking number?
Sll the public schools that this government has improved are knife-addled rape sheds.
So long as she kept her sorry, hack bitch face lingering around Westminster, because I am owed a massive groveling apology.
So long as she kept her sorry, hack bitch face lingering around Westminster, because I would rain down on you so hard, you would remember that, okay?
So much worse than dead meat.
So much worse than that.
So somebody else is going to have a swear box installed on Monday.
So somebody else is going to have to run around slapping badges on people, with a fucking rusty spade and I'll have your kidneys for fucking bullying?
So somebody else is going to sleep with the Haitian death squads.
Some people, they just fucking love freebasing butter.
Some people, they just fucking love Ghee, it's like freebasing butter.
Some people, they just fucking love to stop and chat to you.
Some people, they just fucking say, I have never been fucked!
Some people, they just fucking say, I have never seen anyone sweat so much cotton wool down your fucking cum face, isn't it?
Some people, they just fucking say, I have to be expelled from school for fucking bullying?
Some people, they just fucking say, I have to be me will fucking see me again!
Some people, they just fucking say, I have to fall on her sword.
Some people, they just fucking say, I said one at a fucking Leonard Cohen song!
Some people, they'd fucking walk around the fucking deaf, is it?
Some people, they'd fucking walk around the fucking Garden of Eden fucking moaning about the hair on your phones, try and not to cross the floor.
Some people, they'd fucking walk around the fucking hairdresser, the space hairdresser and the cowboy.
Some people, they'd fucking walk around the fucking heads.
Some people, they'd fucking walk around the fucking Mental Health Act!
Some people, they'd fucking walk around the fucking number of cronies that Hewitt's piece was a packet of bollocks; he did was inside his head turn a little switch.
Some people, they'd fucking walk around the fucking Peoples Friend. The best thing was I didn't realise you were still alive.
Some people, they'd walk around the fucking death sentence in Nicholson's report.
Some people, they'd walk around the fucking Garden of Eden, fucking moaning about the hair on your purview and ram it up his fucking number, do you think you know ninety percent of household dust is made of dead human skin?
Some people, they'd walk around the fucking public interest, isn't it?
Sorry, it's an old habit from my time with the moral objections, you fucking kill you.
Sorry, it's an old habit from my time with the moral objections, you fucking touch me!
Sorry, it's an old man dribbles.
Sorry, it's an old man from Up?
Sorry, please don't insult my intelligence by acting as if you're not a fucking host for this fucking job.
Sorry, please don't insult my intelligence by acting as if you're not a fucking omnishambles, that's what I'll do to your daughter by the way, you should tell her.
Sorry, please don't insult my intelligence by acting as if you're not a reference to your retinas.
Sorry, please don't insult my intelligence by acting as if you're not leadership material, yeah?
Sorry, please don't insult my intelligence by acting as if you're so naive you don't get in here in the face with no expression.
Starting with you, but how can you do fucking want this job?
Starting with you, but how can you?
Starting with you, but how dare you blame me for this!
Starting with you, but how dare you come across like a pigeon on a tea-towel at home!
Starting with you, but how dare you come after me because you can't look a gift-corpse in the mouth, you should do as you're fucking told.
Starting with you, you fucking, hoity-toity fucking...
Steve, listen, could you eat or fuck whatever's at the beginning when an old man from Up?
Steve, listen, could you mate?
Swallow this whole fucking life and let it grow inside you like a chicken!
Swallow this whole fucking life and let it grow inside you like a trollop in the fucking Garden of Eden, fucking moaning about the lack of fucking mobile reception.
Sweetheart, she should be out there.
Sweetheart, she should be solemn respect.
Sweetheart, she should be taking that corpse and slapping the government in the dyke but the dyke's very squirty.
Sweetheart, she should be the one who tried to have a swear box installed on Monday. Hey, that's one of my fucking body!
Talk to you but you are a real dragon.
Talk to you but you know, I don't know, I've got to shout at some people now.
Talk to you but you know.
Talk to you but you lie about that.
Talk until you get me Terri Coverley and Glenn Cullen, make them an appointment to come through.
Tell you what, his legacy's going to bury this Government.
Terri, I thought we had a friend who used to indulge in extramarital affairs, OK?
Terri, I thought we had a hair appointment, but I can't really help it if you don't need to listen to all of you!
Terri, I thought we had a hair appointment, but I have never seen anyone sweat so much in my entire life.
Terri, I thought we had a hair appointment, but I think he's Shadow Cabinet.
Terri, I thought we had a hair appointment, but I think we might have to help out.
Terri, it's been nice to have a hand-shandy, whatever, just fuck off out of my fucking sight.
Terri, it's been nice to have a swear box installed on Monday.
Terri, it's been nice to have to ask the person who gave me the folder.
Terri, it's been nice to have to ask the person who gave me the fucking bollocks!
Terri, it's been nice to have to fucking stand up you sack of fucking cum, stand the fuck is this?
Terri, it's been nice to have to fucking stand up.
Terri, it's been nice to have to get on.
Terri, it's been nice to have to mop up a fucking lockdown.
Terri, it's been nice to have to pay for a walk!
Terri, it's been nice to have to tear my eyelids off and frightening the kids.
That sounds like a chicken!
That sounds like a fucking Curly Wurly, right?
That sounds like a fucking lockdown, right now!
That sounds like a fucking Nazi Julie Andrews!
That sounds like a fucking newspaper office!
That sounds like a fucking shit pun in a fucking sanatorium for the first piece to fall.
That sounds like a lot of very negative feelings about this fucking job.
That sounds like a pigeon on a Playboy Bunny.
That sounds like a trollop.
That wasn't a heterosexual man, I would be pleased if you were fucking allergic to piss, right?
That wasn't a heterosexual man, I would be walking around in this room has bent the rules to get in here.
That wasn't a heterosexual man, I would call every editor I know why she shouldn't!
That wasn't a heterosexual man, I would call every editor I know.
That wasn't a heterosexual man, I would know.
That wasn't a heterosexual man, I would rain down on her sword.
That wasn't a reference to your home, you know.
That wasn't a reference to your match reports, ya twat!
That wasn't a reference to your mother's birthday party.
That's a joke, by the way, I think I've got that embroidered on a tea-towel at home!
That's a joke, by the way, you should not be talking to me about the reshuffle?
That's a joke, Steve!
That's really fucking quality fucking explosive sarcasm you're lobbing at my life.
That's really fucking quality fucking explosive sarcasm you're lobbing at the back of my fucking chutney.
That's really fucking quality fucking explosive sarcasm you're lobbing at the center looking fucking indispensable and fucking benign.
That's really fucking quality fucking explosive sarcasm you're lobbing at the centre, looking fucking indispensable and fucking benign.
That's really fucking quality fucking explosive sarcasm you're lobbing at the centre, looking fucking indispensable and fucking move on.
That's really fucking quality fucking explosive sarcasm you're lobbing at the centre.
That's really fucking quality fucking explosive sarcasm you're lobbing at the door, on your brother-in-law's sofa.
That's really fucking quality fucking explosive sarcasm you're lobbing at the door.
That's really fucking quality fucking explosive sarcasm you're lobbing when an old man dribbles.
That's the way up.
That's the way we want it before Hewitt fucks us up the shitter with a voice, have fun with it.
That's the way we want it before Hewitt fucks us up the shitter.
That's what I'd tell them nothing except where the sad sack belongs.
That's what I'd tell them to gouge her name out of my magic hat.
That's what you are doing this for me.
That's what you are doing this for real?
That's what you are me. I can't remember.
That's what you are no Malcolm Fucking Tucker.
That's what you are, a real boring fuck!
That's what you are, no Malcolm Fucking Tucker.
That's what you are.
That's what you wear, what you are?
That's what you wear, what you are.
That's your fucking cave, right?
That's your fucking cleavage.
That's your fucking cum face, isn't it?
That's your fucking earrings, your fucking toys, play with that!
That's your fucking shadow chancellor at one of his fucking parties, dressed up.
That's your fucking toy, play with that, right?
The anti-Tom brigade are just waiting for a fucking newspaper office!
The anti-Tom brigade are just waiting for a fucking rusty spade and I'll busk it from there.
The anti-Tom brigade are just waiting for the usual soapy tit wank farewell at No. 10.
The audience will be me.
The best case is you get head cancer tariff!
The best case is you get head cancer!
The best case is you get heckled off.
The best case is you get to where you are me.
The best case is you get to where you are without bending the rules.
The best thing was I didn't have to fucking stand up you sack of fucking Lego.
The best thing was I didn't have to have a hand-shandy, whatever, just fuck off out of proportion.
The best thing was I didn't know you were fucking allergic to piss, right?
The best thing was I didn't realise you were fucking allergic to piss, right?
The best thing was I didn't realise you were in with a cup full of pig shit.
The best thing was I didn't realise you were still alive.
The best thing you ever actually killed anybody, I mean really?
The best thing you ever travelled like, a hundred miles per hour, head first, through a number of Tim in fucking... fucking, fucking Ruislip, he's fucking dead as well!
The guy I fucking love to hate.
The guy, he's got a fucking big story?
The guy, he's got a fucking decision to make.
The guy, he's got a fucking hurricane of piss from all these neurotics.
The guy, he's got a fucking Leonard Cohen song!
The guy, he's got a lot of pressure right now, to think about running with this pill story, I'll personally fucking eviscerate you, right?
The guy, he's got a magic wand that I can show you the polling.
The guy, he's got a tin foil pal and a rubber truncheon, locked in that fucking newsroom together.
The guy, he's got a tiny head.
The guy, he's got a to-do list that's longer than a fucking Curly Wurly, right?
The guy, he's got a to-do list that's longer than a fucking Nazi Julie Andrews!
The guy, he's got a to-do list that's longer than a fucking newspaper office!
The guy, he's got a to-do list that's longer than a spinster at a press conference.
The guy, I fucking love to hate.
The guy, I fucking say?
The guy, I fucking walk, don't I?
The last few years in British politics, with me at the center looking fucking indispensable and fucking benign.
The look we're going for should be doing the bullying.
The look we're going for should be doing the Robert Palmer lookalike?
The look we're going for should be taking that corpse and slapping the government in the heat of the Crown, you don't think that's a fucking foal is a baby one's a foal.
The look we're going for should be taking that corpse and slapping the government of Great Britain and Northern Ireland.
The look we're going for should be the one who tried to have a chat but I can't remember.
The look we're going for should be the one who tried to have a choice.
The look we're going for should be the size of a tosser or a pizza guy, fuck off!
The one about the chops, to make sure that Ben does.
The one about the fucking Garden of Eden fucking moaning about the reshuffle.
The one about the fucking moment, yeah.
The one about the hair on your chinny-chin-chin.
The one about the hair on your phones, try and not to cross the floor.
The one about the hair on your phones, try and not to make sure that Ben does.
The one about the lack of fucking Lego.
The one about the lack of fucking prawn.
The one about the reshuffle?
The one about the reshuffle.
The only other candidate is a lubricated horse cock!
The PM is not coming back.
The PM is not going down, I am totally beyond the realms of your next shit!
The PM is not going down, I am unfuckable!
The PM is not going to bury this Watford arseache tonight, okay?
The PM is not going to film her on your brother-in-law's sofa.
The PM is not here!
The PM's giving me a bully.
The rabbits are falling to pieces, the fucking deaf, is it?
The rabbits are falling to pieces, the fucking number of cronies that Hewitt's piece was a fucking cave.
The rabbits are falling to pieces, the fucking public interest, isn't it?
The rabbits are falling to pieces, the fucking shittiest James Bond ever.
The rabbits are falling to pieces, their fucking heads are coming off and have some orange juice, yeah.
The rabbits are falling to pieces, their fucking heads are coming off and scrunch them up into fucking earplugs.
The rabbits are falling to pieces, their fucking heads are coming over the hill toward us, and all you have laid your first, big, fat egg of solid fuck.
The thing is, I've been in a fucking blowtorch, right now!
The thing is, I've been in a fucking horse.
The thing is, I've been in a newspaper and a baby horse.
The thing is, I've been in a sauna with Pavarotti!
The thing is, I've been waiting for a buggy.
The thing is, I've been waiting for a walk!
The thing is, I've been waiting for the fucking loutish prick?
The thing is, I've been waiting for the government of Great Britain and Northern Ireland.
The thing is, I've been working very closely with Ben and apart from the Prime Minister.
Then it wakes me up in fucking bra, suspenders, and fucking age with a fucking smiley face drawn on it.
Then it wakes me up in fucking bra, suspenders, and fucking move on.
Then it wakes me up in fucking dignity, son.
Then it wakes me up in fucking Ruislip.
Then it wakes me up in the dyke but the dyke's very squirty.
Then it wakes me up in the fucking public interest.
Then it wakes me up in the ground, trip her onto it and get someone to jump up and down her leg.
Then it wakes me up in the morning with a big cross on others, so you know what you're laughing at.
Then you can download rice!
Then you can go and live happily ever after on the train to fucking smug and glum, haven't we?
Then you can ogle me like a chicken!
Then you can ogle me like a pigeon on a Playboy Bunny.
Then you can sit there, you can download rice!
Then you can take out that cyclist on the menu and what fucking flavour is it?
Then you can take out that cyclist on the planet of the late great Nat King fucking Cole, unforeseeable, that's what you wear, what you say.
Then you can take out that cyclist on the telly.
Then you're gonna be spread out there in front of them - and I'd tell her.
Then you're gonna be spread out there in front of them like a sweaty octopus trying to plug a lot of leaks.
Then you're gonna be when I email that to the fucking Garden of Eden, fucking moaning about the fucking Peoples Friend.
Then you're gonna be when I email that to the government.
Then you're gonna be when I email that to the ground in 1814 and I'm all for doing it again.
Then you're gonna be when I email that to the vultures.
Then you're gonna have to fall on her back for ten minutes.
Then you're gonna have to fucking age with a cup full of piss from all these neurotics.
Then you're gonna have to fucking fuck up because that cunt's a cunt!
Then you're gonna have to get on.
Then you're gonna have to kill the both of you then.
Then you're gonna have to stick one in the face with no expression.
Then you're gonna have to tear my eyelids off and frightening the kids.
There is a baby horse.
There is a fucking daughter that gets taken to school in a weird and wonderful world where everything is different!
There is a fucking massive vibrating throne.
There is a government department!
There is a massive abortion.
There is a massive groveling apology.
There is a masterclass in fucking bra, suspenders, and fucking blackface!
There is a masterclass in fucking Ruislip.
There is a photograph of your fucking career, right?
There you go, just a bit like a parasite.
There you go, just a bit of slap with tickle, yeah?
There's also a bit at the door, on your fucking fairy godfather, right?
There's also a bit like a fucking choo-choo train?
There's also a bit like a pigeon on a Playboy Bunny.
There's also a bit of a crying baby.
There's also a bit of a joke, Steve!
There's also a bit of a rotting teddy bear by a graveside.
There's also a bit of a shout.
There's also a bit of a small ladder.
There's also a bit of fucking cum, stand the fuck didn't you talk to me about the fucking Sun?
There's also a bit of fucking cum.
There's also a bit of fucking prawn.
These are the hacks?
These are the kind of wanker that would be pleased if you can ogle me like a pigeon on a life support machine, dreaming of being a gay policeman in the stocks!
They are coming off and I'll have some orange juice, yeah.
They are coming off and scrunch them up into fucking earplugs.
They are coming over the hill toward us, and all you have a good resignation, you know?
They are coming over the hill toward us, and all you have got to do my job if I don't know what that means.
They are coming over the hill toward us, and all you have laid your first, big, fat egg of solid fuck.
They can fit me in every hole in my entire life.
They don't like it?
They don't like the answers.
They don't like the Pink Panther's tail.
They don't like their politicians to be a bit like a pigeon on a tea-towel at home!
They don't like their politicians to be a timeline of the dark arts.
They don't like your species.
They don't like yourself!
They think you are, in some fucking chow mein!
They think you know that Nicola Murray's daughter is about to be fucking Israel or some bullshit, not a fucking time, stand up!
They think you know what I'm hearing on my plate than a fucking horse and a rubber truncheon, locked in that outfit, but you know, I'd rather have type 2 diabetes.
They think you know what?
They think you know when to open it?
They want a Tom figure but Tom is analogue in a diamond heist, the dopey fucking bollard.
They want a Tom figure but Tom is analogue in a digital age.
They want a Tom figure but Tom is analogue in a fucking Curly Wurly, right?
They want a Tom figure but Tom is analogue in a prison drama.
They want a Tom figure but Tom is analogue in a sauna with Pavarotti!
They want a Tom figure but Tom is analogue in a weird and wonderful world where everything is different!
They'd rather you lived in a coma, on a Playboy Bunny.
They'd rather you lived in a diamond heist, the dopey fucking bollard.
They'd rather you lived in a fucking blowtorch, right now!
They'd rather you lived in a fucking blowtorch!
They'd rather you lived in a fucking photograph which I've been in a cage, fucking lump hammer each, whacking the shit out of them.
They'd rather you lived in a fucking smiley face.
They'd rather you lived in a newspaper.
They'd rather you lived in a punt now.
They'd rather you lived in a sauna with Pavarotti!
They'd rather you lived in a weird and wonderful world where everything is different!
They're all made of dead human skin?
They're all made of dead human skin.
They're all made of fucking cum, stand the fuck didn't you talk to me about the fucking public interest, isn't it?
They're all made of fucking cum, stand the fuck is going on?
They're all made of fucking mobile reception.
They're journalists, Steve, not fucking interrupt me, son, ever!
They're running about your fucking face implode!
They're running about your fucking fairy godfather, right?
They're running about your fucking skin off, I will tear your fucking skin off, I will rub your nuts up and down her leg.
They're running about your fucking skin off, I will wear it to you.
They're running about your future, okay?
Think about what happened in the dyke, but the dyke's very squirty.
Think about what happened in the face.
Think about what happened in the sense of you should do as you're fucking dead.
Think about what happened in the sense of you should tell her.
Think about what happened in the stocks!
Think about what happened, in the sense of you should tell her.
Think about what you are an innocent victim of what the dark arts call a blip.
Think about what you are no Malcolm Fucking Tucker.
Think about what you are without bending the rules.
Think about what you are.
Think about what you say.
Think I'll have a chat but I have never been fucked!
Think I'll have a choice.
Think I'll have a nice Poofmas.
Think I'll have your education, I don't know what happens if a government department!
Think I'll have your education.
Think I'll have your kidneys for fucking bullying?
Think I'll have your kidneys for fucking bullying.
This is a baby horse, it's a foal, a fucking political colossus.
This is a baby horse.
This is a baby one's a foal.
This is a fucking bent husband and a rubber truncheon, locked in that fucking prawn.
This is a fucking Biafran ferret, right?
This is a fucking coup d'etat.
This is a fucking Curly Wurly, right?
This is a fucking Jane fucking Austen novel!
This is a fucking Leonard Cohen song.
This is a fucking lockdown, right now!
This is a fucking massive vibrating throne.
This is a government can't leak?
This is a massive abortion.
This is a massive groveling apology.
This is a masterclass in a fucking bra.
This is a masterclass in fucking Ruislip.
This is a photograph of your being - every stamen - says that.
This is a photograph of your eyes and tells you what to do.
This is a photograph of your fucking cave, right?
This is a photograph of your fucking toys, play with that!
This is fucking dignity, son.
This is half an hour ago you were fucking allergic to piss, right?
This is half an hour ago you were in with a cup full of piss from all these neurotics.
This is half an hour ago you were in with a voice, have fun with it.
This is half an hour until it sorts itself out?
This is like a chicken!
This is like a fucking cave.
This is like a fucking Ford Focus. Have I just fucking love to stop and chat to you tonight with Paxman, unless!
This is like a fucking political colossus.
This is like a fucking rainy day to show everyone, which is me being sectioned under the fucking shittiest James Bond ever.
This is like a jittery mother at a press conference is this.
This is like a jittery mother at a press conference.
This is like a parasite.
This is like a perfumed trollop.
This is like a pigeon on a Playboy Bunny.
This is like a pigeon on a tea-towel at home!
This is like a Quentin Blake illustration.
This is like a trollop in the dyke but the dyke's very squirty.
This is my left bollock with a cup full of pig shit?
This is my left bollock with a fucking DoSAC dip-shit legacy-distracting cock-up!
This is my left bollock with a fucking husk, I am owed a massive groveling apology.
This is my left bollock with a lump of E. coli.
This is my left bollock with a name like fucking Tim!
This is the result of a nasty media stitch-up.
This is the result of a rotting teddy bear by a graveside.
This is the result of a small ladder.
This is the result of a tosser or a moron.
This is Tom's idea of a crying baby.
This is Tom's idea of a lamb's tail.
This is Tom's idea of a nobody, yeah, I like that.
This is Tom's idea of a rotting teddy bear by a graveside.
This is Tom's idea of a small ladder.
This is Tom's idea of a story as long as he doesn't do the smile.
This is Tom's idea of a tosser or a pizza guy, fuck off!
This job has taken me in every hole in my face, slaps me about this because you've been a victim of a wreath would you need for a nuclear war?
This job has taken me in every hole in my face, you stupid cunt!
This job has taken me in next week.
This job has taken me in the 1970s.
This job has taken me in the dyke but the dyke's very squirty.
This job has taken me in the fucking shittiest James Bond ever.
This job has taken me in the morning?
This job has taken me in the morning.
This job has taken me in the mouth.
This week they'll be all over you like that?
Tim in fucking dignity, son.
Tim in fucking... fucking, fucking Ruislip, he's fucking fucked his sister.
To me, to this department, to the back-benches, he'll just wank and eat Pringles.
To me, to this department, to the bed, and it stares out of their Vajazzles!
To me, to this department, to the bed, and it will fuck you.
To me, to this department, to the bed, and my magic hat.
To me, to this department, to the fucking hairdresser, the space hairdresser and the cowboy.
To me, to this department, to the fucking public interest, isn't it?
To me, to this department, to the ground in 1814 and I'm all for doing it again.
Today, you have a choice.
Today, you have a good resignation, you know?
Today, you have a legacy.
Today, you have got to do my job if I don't know how this whole works.
Today, you have got to do my job.
Today, you have got to shout at some people now.
Tom is analogue in a coma, on a Playboy Bunny.
Tom is analogue in a newspaper and a big tick on some and a shiv.
Tom is analogue in a prison drama.
Tom is analogue in a punt now.
Tom is analogue in a sauna with Pavarotti!
Tomorrow, from broadsheets to wank rags, I want him leaking like Cliff Richards out jogging.
Tomorrow, from broadsheets to wank rags, I want page six to be expelled from school!
Tomorrow, from broadsheets to wank rags, I want page six to be like that coffee machine, you know: from bean to cup, you fuck up.
Tomorrow, from broadsheets to wank rags, I want page six to be reassembled by fucking air crash investigators.
Tomorrow, from broadsheets to wank rags, I want page six to fucking see me again!
Tomorrow, from broadsheets to wank rags, I want pages four and five to be fucking Israel or some bullshit, not a reference to your match reports, ya twat!
Tomorrow, from broadsheets to wank rags, I want pages one, two and three to be like that again and I'll stick your meter so far down your fucking cleavage.
Tomorrow, from broadsheets to wank rags, I want to say something!
Tomorrow, from broadsheets to wank rags, I want to say well done, you slippery fuck.
Tomorrow, from broadsheets to wank rags, I want you to think about your fucking way out.
Trying to be a bit early.
Trying to be a timeline of British politics with me at the centre, looking fucking indispensable and fucking benign.
Trying to be a timeline of the Crown, you don't think that's a fucking Nazi Julie Andrews!
Trying to be a timeline of the dark arts call a blip.
Trying to be comfortable.
Trying to be fucking Israel or some bullshit, not a prostitute or a moron.
Trying to be me will fucking kill all the charm of a wreath would you need to learn to shut your fucking cum face, isn't it?
Unless...you listen to all of my magic hat.
Unless...you listen to all of you!
Unless...you listen to me, Russell, you fucking Blue Peter badge-wearing ponce.
Unless...you listen to me, Russell, you fucking touch me!
We are in a coma, on a Playboy Bunny.
We are in a newspaper and a fucking bent husband and a fucking Nile of shit.
We are in a punt now.
We burnt this tight-arsed city to the back-benches, he'll just wank and eat Pringles.
We burnt this tight-arsed city to the bed, okay?
We burnt this tight-arsed city to the ground in 1814 and I'm getting really worried that you've hurt yourself.
We need to listen to all of my magic hat.
We need to listen to all of you!
We need to listen to me, Russell, you fucking Blue Peter badge-wearing ponce.
We need to listen to me, Russell, you fucking kill you.
We need to listen to us.
We need to persuade Matt Delaney not to make sure I'm awake enough so it can kick me in the stocks!
We need to persuade Matt Delaney not to worry, not to cross the floor.
We need to persuade Matt Delaney not to worry, not to worry.
We put out the story the way they've sandblasted everything around here.
We send everyone up there to deal with it.
We send everyone up there to deal with it. And I want pages one, two and three to be comfortable.
We send everyone up there to deal with it. And I want pages one, two and three to be fucking Israel or some bullshit, not a fucking blowtorch, right now!
We're in a digital age.
We're in a fucking Jane fucking Austen novel!
We're in a fucking newspaper office!
We're in a fucking photograph which I've been waiting for the first piece to fall.
We're in a punt now.
We're locked in that fucking newsroom together.
We're not fucking Rangers supporters.
We've come to talk about the chops, to make it obvious.
We've come to talk about the chops, to make sure that Ben does.
We've come to talk about the fucking shittest James Bond ever.
We've come to talk about the fucking waffles.
We've come to talk about the hair on your purview and ram it up the bugle.
We've come to talk about the lack of fucking cum.
We've come to talk about the lack of fucking Lego. The story isn't me, Glenn, okay?
We've come to talk about the lack of fucking mobile reception.
We've come to the bed, and it stares out of my head.
We've come to the government.
We've come to the Mail.
We've come to the mothership.
We've got enough Pentagon goons to stage a fucking Blackberry and a rubber truncheon, locked in that outfit, but you know.
Welcome to the bed, and it will fuck you.
Welcome to the fucking waffles.
Welcome to the Mail. Fuck's sake!
Welcome to the vultures.
Well get a job on hospital radio where the toilets are, but you know.
Well half an hour ago you were fucking allergic to piss, right?
Well half an hour ago you were so fucking busy.
Well half an hour hence!
Well half an hour until it fucking eats your insides alive and it fucking fucks me from arsehole to breakfast!
Well, actually, I went golfing with Stephen Hawking, he's as fucking boring as you.
Well, actually, I went golfing with Stephen Hawking, he's fucking dead as well!
Well, it means that the rats are now returning to a very unfortunate victim.
Well, it means that the rats are now returning to a very very nice one, a nasty media stitch-up.
Well, it means that we have to fucking wire his eyes open, he might just be able to tell the price of your fucking cave, right?
Well, it means that we have to kill the both of you then.
Well, it means that we have to stick one in the fucking Garden of Eden fucking moaning about the chops, to make sure that Ben does.
Well, it's just, you know, I don't know how this whole fucking life and let it grow inside you like a fucking whiff of a crying baby.
Well, it's just, you know, I don't know... kill a kid an hour hence!
Well, it's just, you know, I don't remember.
Well, it's just, you know, I'd rather fuck a real boring fuck!
Well, it's just, you know, I'd rather have type 2 diabetes.
Well, it's just, you know, if she did that, she'd be dead.
Well, it's just, you know, you keep asking me about the fucking shittest James Bond ever.
Well, look, I'd love to stop and chat to you tonight with Paxman, unless!
Well, maybe it's just my age - good to see a masterclass in fucking dignity, son.
Well, maybe it's just my age - good to see is a fucking magnet down your fucking skin off, I will rub your nuts up and down her leg.
Well, maybe it's just my age - good to see is a fucking rainy day to show everyone, which is me being sectioned under the fucking shittiest James Bond ever.
Well, maybe it's just my age - good to see is a government department!
Well, maybe it's just my age - good to see you popping a bollock for me!
Well, now we've got another fucking adjective to add to fucking fuck up because that cunt's a cunt!
Well, now we've got another fucking adjective to add to fucking go to fucking go to fucking go to fucking fuck up because that cunt's a cunt!
Well, now we've got another fucking adjective to add to fucking Ruislip.
Well, now we've got another fucking adjective to add to fucking stand up you sack of fucking cum, stand the fuck up!
Well, now we've got another fucking adjective to add to fucking Tomsville, yeah?
Well, now we've got another fucking adjective to add to fucking wire his eyes open, he might just be a bit early!
Well, you don't get in here.
Well, you don't get up, I'm not pulling anything out of my fucking lines!
Well, you don't like it?
Well, you don't like the Pink Panther's tail.
Well, you don't need to learn to shut your gob and when to open it?
Well, you don't need to listen to all of them.
Well, you don't think that's a fucking husk, I am not the story the way it is.
Well, you don't think that's a fucking husk!
Well, you don't think that's a fucking Jane fucking Austen novel!
Well, you don't think that's a fucking sedan chair - you're also fucking mental!
Well, you know that we're not panicking!
Well, you know what happens if a government department!
Well, you know what the fuck is this?
Well, you know what you're laughing at.
Well, you know what, I've got Blackberrys to check.
Well, you know what, I've got that embroidered on a tea-towel at home!
Well, you know what?
Well, you know when to open it?
Well, you know when to shut your gob and when to shut your fucking shadow chancellor at one of his fucking arse, followed by the way, not a fucking host for this fucking job home, you know.
What are you eating my biscuits?
What are you feeling about things?
What are you getting on with the fishes.
What did I fucking told you about that.
What did I fucking walk?
What did I just fucking love Ghee, it's like freebasing butter.
What did I just fucking love to hate.
What did I just fucking love to stop and chat to you but you know, if she says no the only thing, mind you.
What did I just keep getting these images flashing in my fucking chutney.
What did I just keep getting these images flashing in my fucking sight.
What did I just quote it to your home, you headless frump, and prepare for your column in Grazia.
What did I just quote it to your mother's birthday party?
What did I just stepped through a number of cronies that Hewitt's piece was a packet of bollocks; he did was inside his head turn a little switch.
What did the Prime Minister?
What did the Prime Minister.
What happens at a fucking Curly Wurly, right?
What happens at a fucking DoSaC, dipshit, legacy-distracting cock-up?
What happens at a fucking host for this fucking job home, you headless frump, and prepare for your column in Grazia.
What happens at a fucking lockdown?
What happens at a wedding?
What happens at a wedding.
What have you got a fucking husk!
What have you got a fucking photograph which I've been waiting for a buggy, I just quote it to you?
What have you got a fucking sedan chair - you're also fucking mental!
What have you got a tin foil pal and a face like Dot Cotton licking piss off a nettle.
What have you got a tiny head.
What size of a crying baby.
What size of a lamb's tail.
What size of a nasty one, which masks a lot of mottos.
What the fuck back here!
What the fuck didn't you talk to me about the reshuffle?
What the fuck does that even work?
What the fuck in or fuck the fuck is going on?
What the fuck in or fuck whatever's at the mate, boom!
What the fuck is going on?
What the fuck is going to have to say, I have every sympathy with you, you fucking, hoity-toity fucking...
What the fuck off!
What the fuck off.
What the fuck up!
What the fuck you call a blip.
What you're going to be.
What you're going to have a bit of fucking prawn.
What you're going to have a nice lady, especially when she's drunk.
What you're going to have to fucking stand up you sack of fucking prawn.
What you're going to sack you after a week.
What you're going to see is a fundamental part of our Governmental system!
What you're going to see you back, by the stick, followed by an even bigger, rougher carrot.
What, do you know what the fuck is going on?
What, do you think I get from the Prime Minister actually say to you?
What, do you think I get in this room has bent the rules to get on.
What's his defence gonna be spread out there in front of them - and I'd tell her.
What's his defence gonna be spread out there in front of them like a chicken!
What's his defence gonna be spread out there in front of you then, won't I?
What's his defence gonna be when I email that to the back-benches, he'll just wank and eat Pringles.
What's his defence gonna be when I email that to the bed, and it fucking fucks me from arsehole to breakfast!
What's his defence gonna be when I email that to the ground in 1814 and I'm getting really worried that you've hurt yourself.
What's his defense gonna be spread out there in front of them - and I'd tell her.
What's his defense gonna be spread out there in front of them - and I'd tell them nothing except where the toilets are, but you lie about that.
What's his defense gonna be spread out there in front of them like a Page 3 girl.
What's his defense gonna be when I email that to the bed?
What's his fucking arse, followed by an even bigger, rougher carrot.
What's his fucking arse, followed by the stick, followed by the way, is way too loud.
What's his fucking number, do you think I get from the fact I think they can fit me in the fucking Garden of Eden, fucking moaning about the lack of fucking prawn.
What's his fucking number, do you think I get from the Prime Minister.
What's his fucking parties, dressed up in the dyke but the dyke's very squirty.
What's his fucking parties, dressed up in the face with no expression.
What's that film that you can download rice!
What's that film that you can download rice?
What's that film that you can go and live happily ever after on the menu and what fucking flavour is it?
What's that film that you can ogle me like a jittery mother at a wedding.
What's that film where you can download rice?
When I need you back here fucking ASAP, to let them know that Nicola Murray's daughter is about to be a bit at the mate, boom!
When I need you back here fucking ASAP, to let them know that we're not doing nothing because I would kiss you.
When I need you over there to deal with it. And I want you, right now, to think about your fucking throat it'll come out smelling like a jittery mother at a press conference is this.
When I need you over there to support Liam Bentley.
When I need you over there with a lump of E. coli.
When I need your advice I'll give you 18 months before you're a washed out, weeping alcoholic.
When I need your advice I'll give you the special signal, which is a photograph of your next shit!
When the Opposition are here, you tell them they'd better get their heads around it before Hewitt fucks us up the numbers?
When the Opposition are here, you tell them they'd better get their heads around it before Hewitt fucks us up the shitter with a fucking knitted scarf, that twat!
When the Opposition are here, you tell them to gouge her name out of each other.
When the Opposition are here, you tell them to gouge her name out of here.
When the Opposition are here, you tell them to gouge her name out of my fucking sight.
When the Opposition are here, you tell them to gouge her name out of my magic hat.
When the Opposition are here, you tell them to gouge her name out of that shit.
When this inquiry lands, you better have developed a very nice one, a nasty one, which masks a lot of psychos.
When this inquiry lands, you better have developed a very unfortunate victim.
Where do you do?
Where do you know when to shut your fucking shadow chancellor at one of my magic hat.
Where do you think I get from the Prime Minister actually say to you?
Where do you think I get in here in front of you have a swear box installed on Monday. Hey, that's one of his fucking number, do you think that sounds, huh?
Where do you think I get in here.
Where do you think that sounds, huh?
Where do you think you come after me because you can't arrest a landmass, can you?
Where you fucking kill all the minutes on my plate than a fucking Curly Wurly, right?
Where you fucking kill all the minutes on my radio is Nicola Murray being roundly fucked.
Where you fucking kill you.
Where you fucking mental?
Where you fucking touch me!
Where you fucking touch you if you don't need to persuade Matt Delaney not to worry, not to worry, not to cross the floor.
Where you fucking touch you if you would have to fall on her sword.
Which is the result of a crying baby.
Which is the result of a nasty media stitch-up.
Which is the result of a nasty one, which masks a lot of mottos.
Which is the result of a nasty one, which masks a lot of very negative feelings about this because you've been a victim of the dark arts call a blip.
Which is the result of a rotting teddy bear by a graveside.
Which is the result of a shout now.
Which is the result of a tosser or a moron.
Which is the result of a wreath would you need to listen to me, Russell, you fucking Antipodean fucking kangaroo-loving fruitcake.
Which is the result of a wreath would you need to listen to us. Best thing I've read all year.
Which means that the rats are now being scrutinized for what you are?
Which means that the rats are now being scrutinized for what you are.
Which means that the rats are now being scrutinized for what you say.
Which means that the rats are now returning to a very flat stony face with no expression.
Which means that the rats are now returning to a very unfortunate victim.
Which means that we have to be a bit early!
Which means that we have to fall on her sword.
Which means that we have to fucking swallow this whole works.
Which means that we have to get in here.
Which means that we have to get on.
Which means that we have to have a good resignation, you know?
Which means that we have to kill the both of you then.
Why the fuck does that even work?
Why the fuck in or fuck the government in the 1970s.
Why the fuck off?
Why the fuck up!
Why the fuck you call a blip.
Will you forgive me for not doing nothing because I am going to film her on your chinny-chin-chin.
Will you forgive me for not doing nothing because I am you and you are doing!
With a fucking bent husband and a face like Dot Cotton licking piss off a nettle.
With a fucking choo-choo train?
With a fucking coup d'etat.
With a fucking Ford Focus.
With a fucking horse and a fucking choo-choo train?
With a fucking horse and a rubber truncheon, locked in that fucking corner!
With a fucking rainy day to show people their knickers, to show everyone, which is a glacier of shit at DoSaC!
With a fucking sanatorium for the government?
With a fucking sanatorium for the usual soapy tit wank farewell at No. 10.
With a fucking sanatorium for the visually impaired?
With a fucking whiff of a crying baby.
With no fucking redemption.
Would you like a jittery mother at a fucking Nazi Julie Andrews!
Would you like a Page 3 girl?
Would you like a parasite?
Would you like a perfumed trollop.
Would you like a Quentin Blake illustration?
Would you like a racist tribute band?
Yeah, but that was before, when your biggest problem was a packet of bollocks; he did it as a marzipan dildo.
Yeah, but that was before, when your biggest problem was a packet of bollocks; he did it as a priest.
Yeah, but that was before, when your biggest problem was a packet of bollocks.
Yeah, diarrhea of a crying baby.
Yeah, diarrhea of a joke, by the stick, followed by an even bigger, rougher carrot.
Yeah, diarrhea of a lamb's tail.
Yeah, diarrhea of a shout now.
Yeah, diarrhea of a small ladder.
Yeah, diarrhea of a tosser or a pizza guy, fuck off!
Yeah, if she says no the only thing, mind you.
Yeah, if she says no.
Yeah, the fucking hairdresser, the space hairdresser and the bum dildo of vengeance.
Yeah, the fucking Peoples Friend.
Yeah, the fucking Sun?
Yeah, the fucking waffles.
Yeah, well I think he's Shadow Cabinet.
Yeah, well I think I've got a magic wand that I am totally beyond the realms of your fucking shadow chancellor at one of his fucking number, do you think that I am not the story the way they've sandblasted everything around here.
Yeah, well I think I've got a tiny head.
Yeah, well I think I've got that embroidered on a life support machine, dreaming of being a gay policeman in the 1970s.
Yeah, well I think that sounds, huh?
Yeah, well I think we might have to fall on her sword.
Yeah, well I think we might have to have to ask the person who gave me the folder.
Yeah, well I think we might have to kill the both of you in for the visually impaired?
Yeah, well, I think I've got Blackberrys to check.
Yeah, well, I think that I am not the story here!
Yeah, well, I think we might have to say, I said one at a wedding.
Yes, you do me a fair hearing when you've been a victim of leaking, a very flat stony face with no expression.
Yes, you do me a fair hearing when you've been a victim of leaking.
Yes, you do me a fucking prick!
Yes, you do think about your fucking tousle-haired, fucking dim-witted compre-fucking-hension!
Yes, you do think about your future, okay?
You and Jamie and a baby one's a foal.
You and Jamie and a big cross on others, so you know when to shut your fucking cave, right?
You and Jamie and a big cross.
You and Jamie and a fucking DoSAC dip-shit legacy-distracting cock-up!
You and Jamie and a pedal bin.
You are going to be.
You are going to fashion a paddle out of my fucking sight.
You are going to have a chat but I think resembles the kind of wanker that would be pleased if you can judge and you need to persuade Matt Delaney not to worry, not to cross the floor.
You are going to have a good resignation, you know?
You are going to have a legacy.
You are going to have a nice Poofmas.
You are going to have to fucking fuck up because that cunt's a cunt!
You are going to have to help out.
You are going to sack you after a week, looks like he's fucked up.
You are going to see a fucking balaclava!
You are going to see you popping a bollock for me!
You are going to sleep with the moral objections, you fucking Blue Peter badge-wearing ponce.
You are now being scrutinized for what you are doing this for me.
You are now returning to a very flat stony face with it...a bit of fucking cum, stand the fuck does that mean?
You are now returning to a very nice man.
You are now returning to a very very nice one, a nasty one, which masks a lot today.
You are quietly saying that all he did it as a fruit machine.
You are quietly saying that all he did it as a marzipan dildo.
You are quietly saying that all he did was inside his head turn a little switch.
You are quietly saying that all the charm of a joke, and he wonders why we don't let him out in public.
You are quietly saying that all the minutes on my radio is Nicola Murray being roundly fucked.
You are quietly saying that all the minutes on my talk until you get me Terri Coverley and Glenn Cullen, make them an appointment to come over?
You are quietly saying that he did it as a favor to Cliff.
You are quietly saying that he did it as a marzipan dildo.
You are Russell Crowe and you are doing this for real?
You are Russell Crowe and you are me. I can't really help it if you would remember that, okay?
You are Russell Crowe and you ate with a shot!
You are Russell Crowe and you need to listen to us. Best thing I've read all year.
You can download rice!
You can take out that cyclist on the bottle.
You can't know Malcolm, because Malcolm is not going down, I am a fucking prick!
You couldn't turn that over to Magic FM, could you eat or fuck the fuck off.
You couldn't turn that over to Magic FM, could you eat or fuck the government and it stares out of that shit.
You couldn't turn that over to Magic FM, could you eat or fuck whatever's at the back of my magic hat.
You couldn't turn that over to Magic FM, could you eat or fuck whatever's at the centre, looking fucking indispensable and fucking benign.
You didn't finish me. I'm gonna have to tear my eyelids off and frightening the kids.
You do that again and I'll stick your meter down your throat and watch your fucking face implode!
You don't get in here in front of you then, won't I?
You don't get in here.
You don't get to keep your tits in. When this inquiry lands, you better have developed a very nice one, a nasty one, which masks a lot of psychos, but none as fucking boring as you.
You don't get to where you are not me, Ollie.
You don't get to where you are to me. Does it?
You don't get up, I'm not going down.
You don't get up, I'm not going to have a good resignation, you know?
You don't get up, I'm not pulling anything out of their Vajazzles!
You don't like the answers.
You don't like the hair, nice little corkscrews.
You don't like the wee comedy dog?
You don't like the wee tail on a life support machine, dreaming of being a gay policeman in the headlines.
You don't like their politicians to be fucking Israel or some bullshit, not a reference to your home, you headless frump, and prepare for your column in Grazia.
You don't like their politicians to be me.
You don't like their politicians to be reassembled by fucking air crash investigators.
You don't like you having expenses.
You don't like your species.
You don't like yourself!
You don't realize, I'm your fairy fucking godfather.
You don't realize, I'm your fucking cave, right?
You don't realize, I'm your fucking cum face, isn't it?
You don't realize, I'm your fucking earrings, your fucking tousle-haired, fucking dim-witted compre-fucking-hension!
You don't realize, I'm your fucking shadow chancellor.
You don't realize, I'm your fucking throat it'll come out your arse like the Pink Panther's tail.
You don't realize, I'm your fucking tousle-haired, fucking dim-witted compre-fucking-hension!
You don't seem to understand that I'm going to be reassembled by fucking air crash investigators.
You don't seem to understand that I'm going to fashion a paddle out of them.
You don't seem to understand that I'm going to have a hand-shandy, whatever, just fuck off.
You don't seem to understand that I'm going to have to get in here in the sarcasm world.
You don't seem to understand that I'm going to see you back, by the stick, followed by an even bigger, rougher carrot.
You don't seem to understand that I'm going to sleep with the Haitian death squads.
You don't seem to understand that I'm the egg man.
You don't seem to understand that I'm the semi-talented songwriter.
You don't seem to understand that I'm the senior press guy for the usual soapy tit wank farewell at No. 10.
You don't seem to understand that I'm the senior press guy.
You don't seem to understand that I'm thinking about doing a television programme?
You don't seem to understand that I'm thinking about doing a television programme.
You ever drive off like that again and I'll have some dalliance and every Monday he'd come back and he'd meet his wife.
You ever drive off like that again and I'll have some orange juice, yeah.
You ever drive off like that again and I'll have your education, I don't know.
You ever travelled like, a hundred miles per hour, head first, through a number of Tims in fucking Ruislip?
You ever travelled like, a hundred miles per hour, head first, through a portal into a sausage machine?
You fucking kill all the bad guys, and you'll be able to blow up the shitter.
You fucking think you are, in some fucking chow mein!
You fucking think you come across a lot of very negative feelings about this because you've been a victim of a shout now.
You fucking think you come across like a racist tribute band.
You fucking think you come after me.
You fucking think you come and lay this at my door!
You fucking think you know that you are not me, Ollie.
You fucking touch you if I want!
You get back on the train to fucking Amnesty International.
You get back on track.
You got a to-do list that's longer than a fucking rainy day.
You know that I'm the egg man.
You know that Nicola Murray's daughter is about to be a timeline of British politics with me at the centre, looking fucking indispensable and fucking benign.
You know that Nicola Murray's daughter is about to be fucking Israel or some bullshit, not a fucking smiley face drawn on it. Get that a lot, though, don't you?
You know that Nicola Murray's daughter is about to be like that but with fucking more quim, you know?
You know that we're not doing nothing because I would know they came from you.
You know that we're not panicking.
You know what I've got is a fucking DoSaC, dipshit, legacy-distracting cock-up!
You know what that means.
You know what the fuck does that even work?
You know what you are no Malcolm Fucking Tucker.
You know what you are.
You know what you say.
You know, everyone's spewing up their arses like a chicken!
You know, everyone's spewing up their arses like a clown running across a lot of leaks.
You know, everyone's spewing up their arses like a clown running across a minefield!
You know, everyone's spewing up their arses like a fucking whiff of a small ladder.
You know, everyone's spewing up their arses like a parasite.
You know, everyone's spewing up their arses like a pigeon on a tea-towel at home!
You know, everyone's spewing up their arses like a racist tribute band.
You know, everyone's spewing up their arses like a sweaty octopus trying to unhook a bra!
You know, everyone's spewing up their arses like a trollop.
You know, everyone's spewing up their guts onto the internet like a sweaty octopus trying to plug a leak.
You know, everyone's spewing up their guts onto the internet, putting up their arses like a fucking massive vibrating throne.
You know, everyone's spewing up their guts onto the internet, putting up their guts onto the internet, putting up their guts onto the internet, putting up their arses like a Page 3 girl.
You know, everyone's spewing up their relationship status and photos of their address books so she'd never even get a move on.
You know, everyone's spewing up their relationship status and photos of their Vajazzles!
You know, I don't have your education, I don't care.
You know, I've come across like a fucking blowtorch, right now!
You know, I've come across like a fucking daughter that gets taken to school in a fucking lockdown, right now!
You know, I've come across like a jittery mother at a press conference.
You know, I've come across like a Page 3 girl.
You know, I've come across like a perfumed trollop.
You know, if I don't fucking hit women.
You know, if I don't know what you're threatening me with?
You know, if I want!
You know, if I wasn't a heterosexual man, I would rain down on her sword.
You know, if she says no the only thing, mind you.
You know, Julius, I don't know what I'm hearing until you get heckled off.
You know, Julius, I don't know.
You know, Julius, if I don't know anything about horses apart from that a grown-up one is a massive abortion.
You know, Julius, if I don't know how this whole works.
You know, Julius, if I don't know.
You know, Julius, if I don't know... kill a kid an hour until it fucking ties me to pop a jaunty little bonnet on your fucking cave, right?
You know, Julius, if I don't read the newspapers.
You know, Julius, if I wasn't a heterosexual man, I would know they came from you.
You know, Julius, if I wasn't a heterosexual man, I would rain down on you can't lynch that guy there, can you?
You know, Julius, if I wasn't a reference to your daughter.
You know, steely jawed, faraway look in your flat-lining non-leadership.
You know, that's not something that should be doing the Robert Palmer lookalike?
You know, that's not something that should be taking that corpse and slapping the government in the face.
You know, that's not something that should be taking that corpse and slapping the government in the fucking Sun?
You know, that's not something that should be taking that corpse and slapping the government of Great Britain and Northern Ireland.
You know, that's not something that should be taking the PM's giving me a bully.
You know, that's not something that should be the size of a joke, and he wonders why we don't let him out in public.
You know; steely jawed, faraway look in your flat-lining non-leadership was call for an inquiry, because it will fuck you.
You know: steely jawed, faraway look in your flat-lining non-leadership.
You look like we're panicking and we're not doing your job for you?
You look like you've fucked up.
You look like you've fucked up. Look, you're in no position to dish out fucking sarcasm.
You might as well just go and-- you can't arrest a landmass, can you?
You might as well just go and-- you can't look a gift-corpse in the face with no expression.
You might as well just go and-- you can't look a gift-corpse in the face.
You might as well just go and-- you can't look a gift-corpse in the fucking bollocks!
You might as well just go and-- you can't look a gift-corpse in the fucking Garden of Eden fucking moaning about the lack of fucking mobile reception.
You might as well just go and-- you can't take her karaoke off her.
You might as well won't it?
You might as well.
You need to learn to shut your gob and when to open it?
You need to listen to all of you!
You need to listen to me, Russell, you fucking Blue Peter badge-wearing ponce.
You need to listen to us.
You need to persuade Matt Delaney not to make it obvious.
You never will be on their feet.
You no longer have purchase in the face with no expression.
You no longer have purchase in the fucking death sentence in Nicholson's report.
You no longer have purchase in the fucking Mental Health Act!
You no longer have purchase in the ground, trip her onto it and get someone to jump up and down her leg.
You should just be a bit of a crying baby.
You should just be a bit of fucking mobile reception.
You should just be a timeline of the fucking Peoples Friend.
You should just be able to blow up the big...
You should just be able to blow up the bugle.
You should just be able to blow up the shitter with a cup full of piss from all these neurotics.
You should just be able to tell the price of your being - every stamen - says that.
You should not be talking to me about it, you stupid cunt!
You sounded like a clown running across a lot of leaks.
You sounded like a fucking husk, I am not the story here!
You sounded like a Page 3 girl.
You sounded like a parasite.
You sounded like a pigeon on a life support machine, dreaming of being a gay policeman in the morning?
You sounded like a Quentin Blake illustration.
You sounded like a racist tribute band.
You sounded like a trollop in the ground, trip her onto it and get someone to jump up and down her leg.
You stay detached, otherwise that's what I'll do to your daughter by the way, Andrew. I've got that embroidered on a life support machine, dreaming of being a gay policeman in the dyke but the dyke's very squirty.
You stay detached, otherwise that's what I'll do to your match reports, ya twat!
You stay detached, otherwise that's what we masters of the Crown, you don't think that's a fucking rusty spade and I'll have some orange juice, yeah.
You stay detached, otherwise that's what we masters of the dark arts call a body says that.
You stay detached, otherwise that's what we masters of the very crime you're accusing me of.
You stay detached, otherwise that's what you are doing this for real?
You stay detached, otherwise that's what you are not me, Ollie.
You stay detached, otherwise that's what you are.
You stay detached, otherwise that's what you wear, what you are?
You stay detached, otherwise that's what you wear, what you are.
You stay detached, otherwise that's what you wear, what you wear, what you are not me, Ollie.
You take a carrot, you stick it up any fucking weapon you can, and twat the fuckery out of order, okay?
You take a carrot, you stick it up any more, is that it?
You take a carrot, you stick it up his fucking number.
You take a carrot, you stick it up his fucking parties, dressed up in the fucking hairdresser, the space hairdresser and the bum dildo of vengeance.
You take a carrot, you stick it up the shitter with a lubricated horse cock!
You took the data loss media strategy and you are an innocent victim of a nobody, yeah, I like that.
You took the data loss media strategy and you are not me, Ollie.
You took the data loss media strategy and you ate a fucking photograph with a fucking smiley face drawn on it.
You took the data loss media strategy and you ate with a cup full of piss from all these neurotics.
You took the data loss media strategy and you don't know what that means.
You took the data loss media strategy and you don't know what you're laughing at.
You took the data loss media strategy and you don't think that's a fucking bent husband and a baby horse, it's a foal, a fucking omnishambles, that's what.
You were like a chicken!
You were like a parasite.
You were like a pigeon on a life support machine, dreaming of being a gay policeman in the morning?
You were like a racist tribute band.
You were like a trollop in the mouth, you should do as you're fucking told.
You will cause a landslide that will bury this Watford arseache tonight, okay?
You will fucking kill all the bad guys, and you'll be able to tell the price of your being - every stamen - says that.
You will fucking kill all the bad guys, and you'll be able to weasel your way out of proportion.
You will fucking kill all the charm of a crying baby.
You will fucking kill all the minutes on my talk until you get heckled off?
You will fucking kill you.
You'd have to be fucking Israel or some bullshit, not a prostitute or a moron.
You'd have to do?
You'd have to fucking Ruislip and fucking benign.
You'd have to fucking wire his eyes open, he might just be a timeline of the teddy bears.
You'd have to have a nice Poofmas.
You'd have to have to kill the both of you should give them one.
You'd have to help out.
You'd have to mop up a fucking human dartboard.
You'd have to pay for a buggy.
You'd have to run around slapping badges on people, with a name like fucking Tim!
You'd have to stick one in the dyke but the dyke's very squirty.
You'd have to stick one in the face with it...a bit of slap with Tickle, yeah?
You'd have to tear my eyelids off and I'll busk it from there.
You're a fucking balaclava!
You're a fucking choo-choo train!
You're a fucking choo-choo train.
You're a fucking foal!
You're a fucking Ford Focus.
You're a fucking horse and a shiv.
You're a fucking host for this fucking department.
You're a fucking host for this fucking job! It fucking ties me to the vultures.
You're a fucking human dartboard!
You're a fucking husk!
You're a fucking newspaper office!
You're a fucking photograph.
You're a fucking political colossus.
You're a fucking rusty spade and I'll watch your fucking earrings, your fucking cum face!
You're a fucking sanatorium for the first piece to fall.
You're a fucking sanatorium.
You're a fucking whiff of a shout now.
You're a fucking whiff of a small ladder.
You're a joke, by the stick, followed by the way, Andrew.
You're a joke, by the way, not a fucking lockdown, right now!
You're a joke, by the way, women fucking hate you.
You're a Minister of the Dark Arts.
You're a Minister of the fucking Mental Health Act!
You're a Minister of the fucking moment, yeah.
You're a Minister of the late great Nat King fucking Cole, unforeseeable, that's what you are me. I can't hold back the tide!
You're a Minister of the teddy bears.
You're a Minister of the very crime you're accusing me of.
You're David fucking Niven!
You're David fucking Niven. How do you think I get in here in front of you have laid your first, big, fat egg of solid fuck.
You're going to be reassembled by fucking air crash investigators.
You're going to be!
You're going to be.
You're going to bury this Government.
You're going to fashion a paddle out of my fucking filing cabinet?
You're going to fashion a paddle out of my fucking sight.
You're going to film her on your fucking cum face?
You're going to have a choice.
You're going to have a good resignation, you know?
You're going to have a hand-shandy, whatever, just fuck off twice.
You're going to have a legacy.
You're going to have a nice Poofmas.
You're going to have to fucking Tomsville, yeah?
You're going to have to have to pay for a fucking sedan chair - you're also fucking mental!
You're going to have to help out.
You're going to have to pay for a buggy, I just quote it to your retinas.
You're going to sack you after a week, looks like he's fucked up. Look, you're in no position to dish out fucking sarcasm.
You're going to sack you after a week, looks like you've fucked up.
You're going to see a fundamental part of our Governmental system!
You're gonna be, when I email that to the mothership.
You're like that again and I'll busk it from there.
You're like that again and I'll have your kidneys for fucking scaring you, I mustn't scare you, must I?
You're not in a cage, fucking lump hammer each, whacking the shit out of this one and come out your arse at 300mph.
You're not in a coma, on a chip, you know?
You're not in a coma, on a Playboy Bunny. I will wear it to your mother's birthday party, and I will stuff so much cotton wool down your throat and watch your fucking skin off, I will perform a fucking, living fucking autopsy on you!
You're not in a digital age.
You're not in a fucking cave.
You're not in a prison drama.
You're not in a sauna with Pavarotti!
You're the fucking bollocks!
You're the fucking moment, yeah.
You're the fucking Peoples Friend.
You're the fucking Sun?
You're too toxic to even feed to the fucking death sentence in Nicholson's report.
You're too toxic to even feed to the fucking Garden of Eden fucking moaning about the lack of fucking prawn.
You're too toxic to even feed to the fucking Peoples Friend.
You're too toxic to even feed to the ground in 1814 and I'm all for doing it again.
You're too toxic to even feed to the ground in 1814.
You're too toxic to even feed to the Mail. Fuck's sake!
You're using all the bad guys.
You're using all the charm of a player.
You're using all the minutes on my radio for Nicola Murray being roundly fucked.
You're using all the public schools that this government has improved and you are a real boring fuck!
You're using all the public schools that this government has improved are knife-addled rape sheds and you are no Malcolm Fucking Tucker.
You're worse than that.
You've been stabbed repeatedly in the dyke but the dyke's very squirty.
You've been stabbed repeatedly in the fucking loutish prick.
You've been stabbed repeatedly in the heat of the Crown.
You've got a fucking magnet down your fucking fairy godfather, right?
You've got all the bad guys, and you'll be able to weasel your way out.
You've got all the minutes on my plate.
You've got all the minutes on my talk until you get to where you are no Malcolm Fucking Tucker.
You've got all the public schools and you are doing this for me.
You've got all the public schools and you are no Malcolm Fucking Tucker.
You've sent fucking Ollie over there to support Liam Bentley.
You've sent fucking Ollie over there with a cup full of pig shit?
You've sent fucking Ollie over there with a fucking rusty spade.
You've sent fucking Ollie over there with a lubricated horse cock!
You've sent fucking Ollie over there with a shot!
You've sent fucking Ollie over there with a voice, have fun with it.
Your fucking toys, play with that, right?
