"There he goes," they'll say, "No friends, no real friends, no children, no glory, no memoirs...", well, fuck them.
A fucking normal chair, right. Not a fucking massive vibrating throne.
A pony isn't a baby horse, it's a foal, a fucking foal is a baby horse.
Ah, here he is, Bob Carolgees? How's the wee comedy dog?
Allow me to pop a jaunty little bonnet on your purview and ram it up the shitter with a lubricated horse cock!
Am I gonna have to run around slapping badges on people, with a big tick on some and a big cross on others, so you know when to shut your gob and when to open it? Jesus Christ! Oh but that'd probably confuse you as well won't it? THAT'D BE TOO CONFUSING! YOU'D SEE THE CROSS AND GO "OH FUCK, X MARKS THE SPOT! BETTER TELL THIS LITTLE PERSON ABOUT THE PRIME MINISTER'S FUCKING CATASTROPHIC ERECTILE DYSFUNCTION! Oh, but not to worry, not to worry. You've sent fucking Ollie over there to deal with it.
And I would rain down on you so hard, you would have to be reassembled by fucking air crash investigators.
And to show people their knickers, to show people their skidmarks, and then complain to OK Magazine about a breach of privacy!
Are you producing porn for the visually impaired? Because what I'm hearing on my radio is Nicola Murray being roundly fucked.
Au contraire!
Because that's what's gonna happen to you tonight with Paxman, unless! Unless...you listen to us.
Best thing I've read all year. It's the only thing, mind you.
Bin it. People don't like their politicians to be comfortable. They don't like you having expenses. They don't like you being paid. They'd rather you lived in a fucking cave.
But I need you back here fucking ASAP, to let them know that we're not panicking!
But that'll be easy for you, it's your fucking cum face, isn't it?
But you decide that you can sit there, you can judge and you can ogle me like a Page 3 girl.
Bye-bye!
Can I just quote it to you? "The Prime Minister is the right man for the moment."
Come on people, let’s get going here! I’ve got a to-do list that’s longer than a fucking Leonard Cohen song.
Come on you can't look a gift-corpse in the mouth, you should be taking that corpse and slapping the government in the face with it...a bit of slap with Tickle, yeah?
Come on, I'm fucking all ears. I'm fucking Andrew Marr here.
Come on, unleash hell!
Come the fuck in or fuck the fuck off.
Darling, I wouldn't fucking piss on you if you were fucking allergic to piss, right?
Did you have a nice Poofmas?
Do not fucking interrupt me, son, ever! Now get this into the noggin, right? You breathe a word of this, to anyone, you mincing fucking CUNT! and I will tear your fucking skin off, I will wear it to your mother's birthday party, and I will rub your nuts up and down her leg whilst whistling Bohemian fucking Rhapsody, right?!
Do not move! Or I will perform a fucking, living fucking autopsy on you! With a fucking rusty spade and I'll have your kidneys for fucking cufflinks!
Do you know ninety percent of household dust is made of dead human skin? That's what you are to me.
Does it? No, listen, there you go again, see you're just rushing to judgement. You are totally discredited here.
Does that mean that I'm the semi-talented songwriter and you're the fucking loutish prick? That's a lovely analogy.
Don't take it personally.
Don't take that job, Nicola.
Don't touch that scarf! That's Paul Smith, twat!
Don't you fucking touch me!
Don't! Look, this is out of order, okay?
Doug Hayes is a massive abortion. Again, not a reference to your daughter.
Eat another prawn.
Eat that fucking prawn.
Eat that prawn. Eat that prawn. Eat a bit of fucking prawn.
Enough. E-fucking-nough. You need to learn to shut your fucking cave, right?
Everybody goes home and then we wait and we see what happens.
Excuse me, is there another way out of here?
Feet off the furniture, you Oxbridge twat. You're not in a punt now.
Fuck me! This is like a clown running across a minefield!
Fuck off back to your match reports, ya twat!
Fuck off!
Fuck them all.
Fuck, she's just gone to the Mail.
Fuck's sake! Jesus Christ! Well, now we've got another fucking adjective to add to fucking smug and glum, haven't we?
fucking Ollie! He's a fucking, he's a fucking knitted scarf, that twat! He's a fucking balaclava!
Fucking hang up, haven't you, you fucking, hoity-toity fucking...
Fucking joking, you twat! I'm on turbo.
Fucking move. Right!
Fucking Olly!
Fucking, fucking Ruislip, he's fucking dead as well! That fucking texting coward.
Fuckity-bye!
Funny, funny man. Political exit. I'm gonna leave the stage with my head held fucking high, right?
Get me a fucking Curly Wurly, right?
Get me Nicola Murray. Yeah, if she says no the only other candidate is my left bollock with a fucking smiley face drawn on it.
Get that a lot, though, don't you?
Get that fucking cheese over there!
Give me his number. What's his fucking number? Give me the fucking number of Tim in Ruislip.
Go on, go and crawl under the floor boards and die!
Go stand in that fucking corner! Stand over there, right?
God, right, okay, well, seein' as you're not used to this, I'll go through it for you, okay?
Has anybody seen Jamie?
Have I seen you on the telly?
Have some fucking chow mein!
Have you ever actually killed anybody, I mean really?
Have you ever travelled like, a hundred miles per hour, head first, through a tunnel full of pig shit?
He loves Al Jolson.
He trained as a priest.
He's a wee bit disappointed.
He's as useless as a marzipan dildo.
He's like a chicken! He's like an enormous chicken!
He’s making Paul Remington a Cabinet Minister. Remtard Remington.
Hello, Phillip Schofield, I fuck lobsters for money.
Hello!
Here he is! Cock like the Pink Panther's tail.
Here he is! The anointed one.
Hey, foetus boy, lesson one: If I tell you to fuck off, what do you do?
Hey, hey hey hey! Right!
Hey, hey, hey! Don't be so grim you big quim!
Hey, I'm going to have a swear box installed on Monday.
Hey, that's one of my fucking lines!
Hey! Get back to work, all of you!
Hey! Get the fuck back here! Jesus Christ!
Hi, Angela! Oh, like the hair, nice little corkscrews. How's it going?
How are the hacks?
How are you feeling about things?
How dare you blame me for this!
How dare you. How dare you! Don't ever, ever call me a bully. I'm so much worse than that.
How does that--how does that even work? Oh fuck no, I don't care.
How much fucking shit is there on the menu and what fucking flavour is it?
Hugh is not coming back. It would look like we're panicking and we're not panicking.
Hugh's predecessor. He and Hewitt are as tight as arse cheeks.
I am you and you are me.
I can't recall.
I didn't know you were still alive. How's the 80's tribute band? Still doing the Robert Palmer lookalike?
I don't fucking hit women.
I don't know... kill a kid an hour until it sorts itself out?
I don't remember.
I fucking love Ghee, it's like freebasing butter.
I guess that means that you're standing in the chamber of the House of Commons with your big flaccid dick hanging out with a "Vote for me" sticker on the end.
I have to say, I have never seen anyone sweat so much in my entire life. And I've been in a sauna with Pavarotti!
I just wanted to say to you, by way of introductory remarks, that I am extremely miffed about today's events and, in my quest to try and make you understand the level of my unhappiness, I'm likely to use an awful lot of what we would call "Violent Sexual Imagery", and I just wanted to check that neither of you would be terribly offended by that.
I know politicians and hot air are supposed to go together, but I've never actually seen one vaporise!
I love the way they've sandblasted everything around here. It's so clean!
I mean the guy is an epic fuck-up. He’s so dense that light bends around him.
I promise that I will never call an 8-year-old girl a cunt again.
I told you to say "Of the fucking moment!"
I used to be the fucking Pharaoh, Terri, I used to be the fucking Pharaoh!
I usually just dial 1-1-hate.
I want to say something. I want to say something! Doesn't matter.
I went golfing with Stephen Hawking, he's fucking shit. He lied about his handicap.
I will stuff so much cotton wool down your fucking throat it'll come out your arse like the wee tail on a Playboy Bunny.
I will tear your fucking skin off, I will wear it to your mother's birthday party, and I will rub your nuts up and down her leg.
I... I don't recall, you know, I don't know. I can't remember.
I'd rather fuck a real dragon.
I'll be with you in two shakes of a crying baby.
I'll fucking shove a fucking magnet down your throat and watch our fucking face implode!
I'll fucking touch you if I want!
I'll have some orange juice, yeah.
I'll just have to kill the both of you then, won't I?!
I'm a shape-shifter.
I'm as dead as fucking Two-Tone. But I can fashion my own exit.
I'm finished anyway. You didn't finish me.
I'm gonna have to fucking go to fucking Ruislip and fucking snap the thumb and forefinger off of every single person I see who I think resembles the kind of wanker that would be walking around in this day and fucking age with a name like fucking Tim! How do you think that sounds, huh?
I'm gonna take your bollocks, I'm gonna fucking rip them off, I'm gonna fucking paint eyeballs on them!
I'm good but I can't hold back the tide!
I'm here, I'm there, I'm fucking everywhere. I'm the egg man.
I'm looking for Mr. Oliver Reeder, he looks a bit like a Quentin Blake illustration.
I'm not going down, I am not going down. Yeah?
I'm not pulling anything out of my magic hat. The rabbits are falling to pieces, the fucking heads are coming off and frightening the kids.
I'm putting it about through a number of cronies that Hewitt's piece was a packet of bollocks; he did it as a favor to Cliff.
I'm really sorry, don’t be so offensive, I apologise for my friend’s behaviour. Did you have a nice Poofmas?
I'm scaring you? I'm so sorry for fucking scaring you, I mustn't scare you, must I? I won't scare you!
I'm telling you to fucking stand up you sack of fucking cum, stand the fuck up!
I'm the senior press guy for the government of Great Britain and Northern Ireland. No, I don't read the newspapers.
I'm under a lot of pressure right now, I'm trying to plug a lot of leaks. I had my finger in the dyke but the dyke's very squirty.
I've booked you in for the usual soapy tit wank farewell at No. 10.
I've got a fucking photograph which I've been waiting for a fucking rainy day to show everyone, which is a photograph of your fucking shadow chancellor at one of his fucking parties, dressed up in fucking bra, suspenders, and fucking blackface! What's his defence gonna be when I email that to the fucking Sun? "Oh, well I am just de Shadow Chancellor"?
I've got more on my plate than a spinster at a wedding. That wasn't a reference to your daughter by the way, Andrew.
I've got that embroidered on a tea-towel at home!
I've just told you to fuck off twice yet you're still here?
I’ve got a to-do list that’s longer than a fucking Leonard Cohen song!
If some cunt can fuck something up that cunt will pick the worst fucking time to fucking fuck up because that cunt's a cunt!
If this gets into the press, I would know they came from you.
If you do think about running with this pill story, I'll personally fucking eviscerate you, right? I mean, I don't have your education, I don't know what that means. But I'll start by ripping your cock off and I'll busk it from there. Okay?
If you don't give me his fucking number, do you know what I'm gonna have to do?
In that you will say "I'm really fucking sorry for sounding like a hairy-arsed docker after twelve pints. I promise that I will never call an 8-year-old girl a cunt again. Can we now just draw a line over this, and fucking move on. Thank you".
In the words of the late great Nat King fucking Cole, unforeseeable, that's what you are.
Is that your chair? Bin it.
Is this for real?
Is this what you're threatening me with? Fucking disco lights? And a fucking choo-choo train? You're a joke, Steve!
It is possible to have a good resignation, you know?!
It's a classic Curly Wurly I wanted. A Curly Wurly should be the size of a small ladder.
It's a fucking newspaper office! It's not a fucking sanatorium for the fucking deaf, IS IT?! Are you so dense?!
It's a fucking lockdown, right now!
It's damage control, ok. We put out the story the way we want it before Hewitt fucks us up the bugle.
It's from the Prime Minister. This is Tom's idea of a joke, and he wonders why we don't let him out in public.
It's not a pony! It's a fucking foal.
It's personal, it's backslapping, it's borderline homoerotic, and you are an innocent victim of a nasty media stitch-up.
It's time for you to step up, Ollie. What's that film that you love?
Je ne remember rien.
Jesus Chri-- Do you not think it would be germane to check who you're talking to?!
Jesus Christ, see you, you're a fucking omnishambles, that's what you are.
Jesus Christ!
Keep the door and your ass cheeks fucking tightly closed, right?
Leaking is a fundamental part of our Governmental system! Do you know what happens if a government can't leak? Dark shit builds up. And then... it bursts.
Let me tell you this. The whole planet's leaking! Everybody is leaking!
Let's not overreact.
Let's set fire to tears!
Listen mate, I'm really, I'm really sorry, right. I'm really sorry about what happened in the heat of the fuckin moment, yeah.
Listen, if you're not a prostitute or a pizza guy, fuck off!
Listen, you know what I've got at the back of my fucking filing cabinet?
Little pigs, little pigs. Let me come in. Don't worry about the hair on your chinny-chin-chin.
Look, don't worry. The PM is not going to sack you after a week. Sacked after twelve months, looks like you've fucked up. Sacked after a week, looks like he's fucked up.
Look, for fuck's sake, we both know I've got Blackberrys to check.
Look, people really like it when you go just a bit early! You know; steely jawed, faraway look in your eyes! Before you get to the point when they're sitting round in the pub saying "Oh, that fucker's got to go!", you surprise them! "Blimey, he's gone! I didn't expect that! Resigned? You don't see that much anymore! Old school! Respect! I rather liked the guy! He was hounded out by the fucking press!" How about that, eh? What a way to go!
Make sure fucking Nicola doesn't top herself, but make sure that Ben does.
Malcolm is gone!
Neither do I, but how dare you come and lay this at my door! How dare you blame me for this!
No problem. I had a hair appointment, but I think they can fit me in next week.
No you relax!
No, I think... That's nice of you. I really appreciate it. Terri, it's been nice to have a chat but I have to get on. Let's get back on track.
No, no no. Please don't get up, I'm not Viagra.
No, no, no, no, no. I'm just gonna fucking kill you.
No, the photograph shows me holding it. It doesn't show me acquiring it. You'd have to ask the person who gave me the folder.
No. And by the way, you should not be talking to me about this because you've been a victim of leaking, a very unfortunate victim, and I have every sympathy with you, but how can you possibly give me a fair hearing when you've been a victim of the very crime you're accusing me of. You have prejudiced this entire inquiry - therefore, it's prejudiced.
Nobody says that. Except every screaming atom of that etiolated stick of fuck you call a body says that. Every fibre of your being - every stamen - says that. But you are not me, Ollie. You never will be me. I knew Malcolm F. Tucker, son, and you are no Malcolm Fucking Tucker. You're not even fucking Manchester's top Malcolm Tucker tribute band. And trying to be me - you?! Trying to be me will fucking kill you. I'll give you 18 months before you're a washed out, weeping alcoholic. With no fucking bladder control. Sleeping on your brother-in-law's sofa.
NOMFuP.
NOMFuP. N-O-M-F-P. Not My Fucking Problem. I quite like that. Did you like that? I'll use that quite a lot today.
Not only have you got a fucking bent husband and a fucking daughter that gets taken to school in a fucking sedan chair - you're also fucking mental!
Now I'm fucking floundering in a fucking Nile of shit. But I am going to fashion a paddle out of that shit. Yeah?
Now, get out of my fucking sight.
Of course you have a choice. You can choose how you say yes. Do it with a voice, have fun with it.
Of course you wouldn't know that, 'cause the only people who know that right now are Mrs. Murray, her daughter, Ollie and me, yeah?
Of the moment! Of the moment! I told you to say "Of the fucking moment!"
Oh fuck no, I don't care.
Oh, fuck! FUCK ME!!
Oh, here he is! Dead man walking!
Oh, hey, oh here he is! The walk of shame!
Oh, how quickly they grow up. You fucking think you know me?
Oh, I don't give two shits of a lamb's tail.
Oh, I don't know. Maybe you should! Good idea!
Oh, I'm really sorry, you won't hear anymore swearing from us, YOU MASSIVE GAY SHITE! FUCK OFF!
Oh, like the hair, nice little corkscrews.
Oh, so you've come to talk about the reshuffle?
Oh, sorry, I could come back, I didn't realise you were so fucking busy.
Oh, wait a minute! I know why she shouldn't! Because, you know, if she did that, she'd be dead. To me, to this department, to the government. And she'll never get another story, or even a fucking whiff of a story as long as she kept her sorry, hack bitch face lingering around Westminster, because I would call every editor I know - which, obviously, that's all of them - and I'd tell them to gouge her name out of their address books so she'd never even get a job on hospital radio where the sad sack belongs. That's what I'd tell her. But maybe you should tell her.
Oi, twat-features! I mean that, literally.
Okay, Shitehead Revisited. Did you know that Nicola Murray's daughter is about to be expelled from school for fucking bullying?
Ollie, look at me! I'm not pulling anything out of my magic hat. The rabbits are falling to pieces, their fucking heads are coming off and frightening the kids. So somebody else is going to have to help out.
Otherwise I'm gonna have to tear my eyelids off and scrunch them up into fucking earplugs.
Perhaps you should give them one.
Peter!
Phillip Schofield, I fuck lobsters for money.
Political lightweight? Making up the numbers? Sorry that's four isn't it?
Pull in here. See if you can take out that cyclist on the way, I think he's Shadow Cabinet.
Pull it. Puncture his life belt. Pull it, give him the signal. If he shits, I'll give you 500 quid.
Quiet Batpeople?
Reshuffle: don’t send Ben to the back-benches, he’ll just wank and eat Pringles. Leather seats are invitation to men like him.
Right people, listen up! It's a fucking lockdown, right now!
Sam, hi, listen, can you do me a favour? Buy some flowers for Nicola fucking Murray. Yeah, have them delivered to her home this evening with a card that says; "Sorry you had to go, but let's face it, you are a fucking waste of skin". Waste of skin, yeah.
Sam, no pissy biscuits.
Sam, prepare my horse.
Sam, prepare my horse. I ride to DoSAC!
Sam!
See that?! Fucking play with that, right?! Never mind your fucking toys, play with that!
Shall I send Jamie over? Would you like that? You and Jamie and a rubber truncheon, locked in that fucking newsroom together.
She's going to have to fall on her sword. Which means that we have to stick one in the ground, trip her onto it and get someone to jump up and down on her back for ten minutes.
SHOULD be doing. "Should" does not mean "yes".
Shouldn't that be "Of fuck's sake"?
Shut it! You're using all the minutes on my talk until you get head cancer tariff!
Shut up.
Some people, they just fucking love to hate. Some people, they'd fucking walk around the fucking Garden of Eden fucking moaning about the lack of fucking mobile reception. These are the kind of fucks who watched Mandela - Fucking Nelson Mandela - walk to freedom, and said "Is Diagnosis Murder not on the other side?"
Sorry, I've just got to take a call...
Sorry, please don't insult my intelligence by acting as if you're so naive you don't know how this whole works. Everybody in this room has bent the rules to get in here. Because you don't get in this room without bending the rules. You don't get to where you are without bending the rules. That's the way it is.
Speak, I Fucking ask you! Speak! Open sesame!
Stats, percentages, international comparisons - information! E-mail them FUCKING WADS of information! And tell them they'd better get their heads around it before they put pen to paper, or I'll be up their arses like a fucking Biafran ferret, right? COME ON, UNLEASH HELL!
Steve, listen, could you eat or fuck whatever's at the door, on your fucking way out please?
Sure. It's been there a while, it's still got Anthony Eden's lipstick on the bottle.
Terri, I thought we had a deal, right? When I need your advice I'll give you the special signal, which is me being sectioned under the fucking Mental Health Act!
That sounds like a racist tribute band.
That's a joke, by the way, not a very nice one, a nasty one, which masks a lot of very negative feelings about this fucking department.
That's really fucking quality fucking explosive sarcasm you're lobbing at the mate, boom!
That's the one, right. It's like that, okay? Where you fucking kill all the bad guys, and you'll be able to blow up the big...
That's the sort of thing the press will throw at you. I mean you step out of line they'll be all over you like a pigeon on a chip, you know? Is that your chair?
That's your fucking career over, right? Okay, you're fucking dead. And those three little words, "Tim in Ruislip", are the fucking nails in your coffin, dear.
The anti-Tom brigade are just waiting for the first piece to fall. If you resign, it's political fucking Jenga. You will cause a landslide that will bury this Government. And you'll keep the party in opposition until Daniel Radcliffe is advertising walk-in baths in the fucking Peoples Friend.
The best case is you get to keep your job, although you will forever be known as the Sweary Woman of Whitehall.
The Death Star thing. Then you can go and live happily ever after on the planet of the teddy bears.
The exchange of private information - that is what drives our economy. But, you come after me because you can't arrest a landmass, can you?
The Kraken awakes.
The one about the fucking hairdresser, the space hairdresser and the cowboy. The guy, he's got a tin foil pal and a pedal bin. His father's a robot and he's fucking fucked his sister. Lego! They're all made of fucking Lego.
The story isn't me, Glenn, okay? Nobody is interested in me and I would be pleased if you would remember that, okay?
The Tom wobble. It's over.
Then make me happy. Bring me sunshine.
Then you are gonna walk out and you're gonna read from what we call a "prepared statement".
There is a difference between allowing someone's natural tittishness to come through, and just exploiting it through camera work here! You're sticking one tit moment on top of another tit moment. That wouldn't happen in real life.
There is a glacier of shit at DoSaC! I need you over there with a fucking blowtorch, right now!
There is a huge difference between me saying "Nicola, I'd like to go for a lovely walk with you" and "Nicola, I'm going to make a hat out of your fucking entrails."
They grow up so fast, eh?
They're journalists, Steve, not fucking Rangers supporters.
They're running about your fucking flat. I fucking told you about that. Why the fuck didn't you talk to me about it YOU STUPID CUNT! How am I supposed to do my job if I don't know WHAT THE FUCK IS GOING ON?!
This could be from anyone.
Tim. In. Ruislip. Tim in fucking Ruislip. And as for Tim in fucking... FUCKING, FUCKING Ruislip, he's fucking dead as well!
Today, you have laid your first, big, fat egg of solid fuck.
Tomorrow, from broadsheets to wank rags, I want pages one, two and three to be a profile of Tom looking like a fucking political colossus. Y'know: Tom meeting the Pope, Tom in an NHS hospital chatting to little, baldie kiddies. I want pages four and five to be a timeline of British politics with me at the center looking fucking indispensable and fucking benign. And I want page six TO BE FUCKING... ISRAEL OR SOME BULLSHIT, NOT A FUCKING DOSAC, DIPSHIT, LEGACY-DESTRACTING COCK-UP!
Vamoose! You lot, fucking vamoose!
We are in a prison drama. This is like The Shawshank Redemption, only with more tunneling through shit and no fucking redemption.
We burnt this tight-arsed city to the ground in 1814 and I'm all for doing it again. Starting with you, you frat fuck.
We need to persuade Matt Delaney not to cross the floor. I think we should use the 'carrot and stick' approach. You take a carrot, you stick it up his fucking arse, followed by the stick, followed by an even bigger, rougher carrot.
We send everyone up there to support Liam Bentley. Including the PM.
We're not fucking finished!
We've come to the point where there are people, MILLIONS of people, who are quite happy to trade a kidney in order to go on television!
We've got enough Pentagon goons to stage a fucking coup d'etat.
Welcome to the mothership.
Well half an hour ago you were in with a shot! This is half an hour hence! We've fucking time-travelled, yes? We're in a weird and wonderful world where everything is different! Maybe, outside, the polar ice caps have melted, maybe there's fucking robots knocking about and Davina McCall's the new Pope! Maybe, you can download rice! I want you, right now, to think about your future, okay? Think about what you are doing! Get yourself back on the train to fucking Tomsville, yeah?
Well that's very useful for you!
Well, actually, I went to Spain. I went to Malaga. I went golfing with Stephen Hawking, he's fucking shit. He lied about his handicap. And the best thing was I didn't have to pay for a buggy, I just sat on his lap!
Well, everyone leaks. Many, many people who have appeared here in front of you have leaked, but they've just lied about it to you.
Well, it means that the rats are now returning to a very buoyant ship... and they're playing deck tennis. So that's lovely, isn't it?
Well, it's just, you know, you keep asking me the same questions, I can't really help it if you don't like the answers.
Well, maybe it's just my age - good to see you back, by the way.
Well, you know me, I'm a man of principle. I like to know whether I'm lying to save the skin of a tosser or a moron.
What are we doing? Fuck all, we're not doing nothing because I am not the story here!
What did I fucking say? What did I just fucking say, I said one at a fucking time, stand up!
What did the Prime Minister actually say to you?
What happened? Did you get heckled off? What was the line? "Taxi for Tom Selleck"!
What happens at a press conference is this. A bunch of press people are gonna appear, they've got things called cameras and microphones and mobile phones and hangovers and bad breath.
What have you got for me, Professor Brian Cock?
What the fuck is this? Tinker, Tailor, Soldier, Cunt?
What you're going to see is a masterclass in fucking dignity, son. The audience will be on their feet.
What's up with you? You look like you've shat a Lego garage.
When the Opposition are here, you tell them nothing except where the toilets are, but you lie about that. And Terri keep your tits in.
When this inquiry lands, you better have developed a very flat stony face with no expression. But that'll be easy for you, it's your fucking cum face, isn't it?
Where do you think you are, in some fucking regency costume drama? This is a government department! Not a fucking Jane fucking Austen novel!
Which is the result of a political class, which has given up on morality and simply pursues popularity at all costs.
Who said I acquired it?
Will you forgive me for not doing your job for you? Because if you can't spot a sprayed-on halo of someone doing a "wot, me guv?" panto-act, then maybe you shouldn't be sitting behind that desk.
Y'know what's worrying me? Is this dodgy?
Yeah, but that was before, when your biggest problem was a fucking shit pun in a newspaper and a face like Dot Cotton licking piss off a nettle.
Yeah, diarrhea of a nobody, yeah, I like that.
Yeah, fuck it, he'll be alright. So long as he doesn't do the smile.
Yeah, get used to 'Cliff'.
Yeah, Indiana Murray and the bum dildo of vengeance. I like it.
Yeah, the fucking wee ball boy is having a go now with his wee fucking tiny shorts on.
Yeah, well I think you'll find that's what we masters of the dark arts call a blip.
Yeah, well Strictly Come Dancing isn't strictly dancing, is it? There's also a bit at the beginning when an old man dribbles.
Yeah, well, substantial as they are, they've been outvoted.
Yeah, yeah. Andy Murray, Andy Pandy, fucking Ghandi have a hand-shandy, whatever, just fuck off out of my life.
Yes, you do fucking want this job. Then you're gonna have to fucking swallow this whole fucking life and let it grow inside you like a parasite. Getting bigger and bigger and bigger until it fucking eats your insides alive and it stares out of your eyes and tells you what to do.
You are not a grandee, you are a fucking "blandee". No-one knew what the fuck you stood for. Political fucking mist, no substance, no weight. You've got all the charm of a rotting teddy bear by a graveside. And by the way, women fucking hate you. I can show you the polling. They think you come across like a jittery mother at a wedding. The best thing you ever did in your flat-lining non-leadership was call for an inquiry, because it will fuck the government and it will fuck you. Now, please, just fuck off back to your home, you headless frump, and prepare for your column in Grazia.
You are quietly saying that all the public schools that this government has improved are knife-addled rape sheds and you don't think that's a fucking big story?
You can't cuff a country. You might as well just go and-- you can't lynch that guy there, can you?
You cannot fuck me! You cannot fuck me! I am unfuckable! I have never been fucked!
You couldn't turn that over to Magic FM, could you mate? Otherwise I'm gonna have to tear my eyelids off and scrunch them up into fucking earplugs.
You don't like it? Well, you don't like yourself! You don't like your species. And you know what?
You don't seem to understand that I'm going to have to have to mop up a fucking hurricane of piss from all these neurotics.
You ever drive off like that again and I'll stick your meter so far down your throat you'll be able to tell the price of your next shit!
You get back here! I wanna see you popping a bollock for me!
You hit the phones, right. I'll be with you in two shakes of a crying baby.
You know Jackie fucking Chan about me. You know fuck all about me!
I am totally beyond the realms of your fucking tousle-haired, fucking dim-witted compre-fucking-hension! I don’t just take this fucking job home, you know. I take this job home, it fucking ties me to the bed, and it fucking fucks me from arsehole to breakfast! Then it wakes me up in the morning with a cup full of piss slung in my face, slaps me about the chops, to make sure I’m awake enough so it can kick me in the fucking bollocks! This job has taken me in every hole in my fucking body! MALCOLM IS GONE! You can't know Malcolm, because Malcolm is not here! Malcolm fucking left the building fucking years ago! This is a fucking husk, I am a fucking host for this fucking job. Do you want this job?
You know what you are? You're a fucking human dartboard, and Eric fucking Bristow is on the oche flinging a million darts of human shit right at you.
You know, everyone's spewing up their guts onto the internet, putting up their relationship status and photos of their Vajazzles!
You know, I've come across a lot of psychos, but none as fucking boring as you. I mean, you are a real boring fuck!
You know, if I could, I'd fucking punch you into paralysis!
You look like you've fucking coughed up your own twin.
You say nothing, okay? You stay detached, otherwise that's what I'll do to your retinas.
You sounded like a fucking Nazi Julie Andrews!
You sure you're working as hard as me? 'Cause I'm sweating spinal fluid here! I'm a fucking husk!
You took the data loss media strategy and you ate with a lump of E. coli. And then you sprayed it our of your arse at 300mph.
You were like a sweaty octopus trying to unhook a bra!
You will see me again! You will fucking see me again!
You're a fucking omnishambles, that's what you are. You're like that coffee machine, you know: from bean to cup, you fuck up.
You're a fucking prick! An absolute cunt, you understand that?!
You're fired.
You're like that coffee machine, you know: "from bean to cup, you fuck up".
You're right, she can't fucking walk.
You're worse than dead meat. I don't know what you're laughing at. You're too toxic to even feed to the vultures.
You’re going to have to fucking swallow this whole fucking life and let it grow inside you like a parasite.
Your fucking girlfriend. Jesus Christ...
The guy, I fucking despise the guy, you know?
I despise him as much as fucking James May presumably despises himself.
I'm glad he's getting the fucking death sentence in Nicholson's report.
You know, that's not something that should be out there.
How am I supposed to control what's going on if I don't know what the fuck is going on?
You're a Minister of the Crown, you don't need to listen to all of my fucking chutney.
Don't should me, Hugh, cause I'll should you right back, right through that window.
It's should in the sense of you should do as you're fucking told.
